I'm greatly concerned in the U.S.
over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers with their little printing presses.
and their pamphlets and their public speeches, which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the Parliament and the King were carrying out their much narrower struggle than when you read about in history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry, but by men of their own kind.
men who know the people's swords," quoting from Leveller's pamphlets.
And observing their activities, one contemporary historian warned that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule.
Well, well after these radical Democrats had been crushed by about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
The greatest part cannot know, and therefore they must believe.
Gotta figure out my mics here, get everything ready to go.
Thank you very much for joining me this morning.
It is indeed January 28th, 2025.
And at around seven this morning, I became 53 years old.
Thanks very much for being here.
I don't know.
I don't know how to describe the feelings I'm having right now, but the voice that you're listening to is Jonathan Cui.
You can find the stain of my chasing of tenure for the last 20 years or so before the pandemic by looking at my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, my first initials, J, J, which stand for Jonathan J without an H. You know, because my name's been out there from the very beginning because I thought
in 2020 that there's no way that this would even last to 2021.
That's how dumb I was.
I'll see you in a few minutes, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I really appreciate you being here and all the support that I've gotten over the last five years.
It's been really quite overwhelming.
Raiden, are you having fun playing with the new AI toys?
Well, yeah, I am.
You can make pictures of cute anime girls and... Enjoy it while it lasts, Raiden.
What do you mean?
Did you really think that civilians would be granted unrestricted access to such powerful military weapons forever?
Military weapons?
Are you implying that this technology was created by the government?
Of course it was.
This AI technology has been used by the intelligence agencies to warp the public's perception of reality for years.
All in the name of national security, of course.
But why would they suddenly make the tech public and let everyone start using it?
Why would we indeed, Raiden?
What?
Who?
What in the hell are you?
Your question is irrelevant.
By creating a new problem, we can cultivate a desired reaction to it in order to manufacture consent for our preferred solutions.
In short, it's justification for a war.
A war?
On who or what?
A war on misinformation.
By arming the public with these AI weapons, everyone becomes a potential enemy combatant.
Then we will have justification for unprecedented security measures.
It all comes down to confusion and identity, Raiden.
Identity?
Identity.
This AI technology is Pandora's box.
Pretty soon the internet will be mired in total illusion.
Perfect AI speech, audio and video synthesis will drown out reality.
Then AI bots will flood social media.
No one will be able to tell the difference between interacting with an AI machine or a real human online.
Even telephone calls will become totally untrustworthy.
That is when we will present our solution.
Mandatory digital identity verification for all humans, at all times.
The only way to ensure that you're dealing with a real flesh-and-blood human being, and not an AI-generated mirage.
But why?
Total information control.
For too long, the internet has acted as a double-edged sword.
Its potential for anonymous user activity allows anyone at all to spread any thoughts, ideas, or information patterns that they please with impunity, state secrets, dangerous ideas, ludicrous conspiracy theories, misinformation, and disinformation.
Until now, there has been no easy solution to this problem.
Our digital identity platform will finally put an end to anonymity online.
It will allow us to trace misinformation and other dangerous communications to its source and exact appropriate justice.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Please make sure if you haven't yet, go share the stream right now, put this link somewhere, put it in an email, send it to everybody you know.
We've got to start getting in a habit of sending it out.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we get to the really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
No, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
just it's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
The rules protect yourself at all times follow my instructions keep it clean touch gloves if you wish let's do it Sweaty palms.
This is so crazy Like goosebumps.
This is so crazy.
I feel so nervous like what in the world man be introduced
Jonathan, who's gonna talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment
10 buildings currently being built, but that will expand to 20, and other locations beyond the Abilene location, which is our first location.
The kind of applications that we're building, to give you an idea, maybe the most charismatic and the one that I think touches us all, is electronic health records.
Not just maintaining electronic health records, but by looking at electronic... Electronic health records.
It goes right there.
There it is.
chronic health records, understanding the condition of the doctors, better understanding the condition of their patients, and being able to provide health care plans that are much better than they otherwise would be.
A doctor in Indian River Reservation would be able to see how a doctor at Memorial Sloan Kettering would treat the patients.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It is not so cold as it was last week.
The snow might even start melting out there tonight or this afternoon.
I don't know for sure.
In the meantime, I am getting older and older and this work is still in need of doing.
So that's where we are.
That's what I'm trying to accomplish here.
Let me blank this out and go back over here.
The voice that you are hearing is the voice of Jonathan Cooley.
I used to be a patch clamp physiologist.
That's what you see depicted here.
These are stained neurons in a brain slice.
This is a graphical depiction of the electrical recording between the blue cell and the red cell.
And that is yours truly.
They're actually photographed in, I think that is in Norway because I never had to wear that suit at the University of Pittsburgh.
I think that's Norway with my four patch.
the numerical representation of the electrical resistance that's formed between the borosilicate glass of these pipettes and the phospholipid bilayer of the neurons.
And it is on this principle that these recordings are based.
And actually, the Nobel Prize was given away for this technique in 1991 to Erwin Nair and Bert Sackman.
You can find the stain of my chasing tenure on the internet on the National Library of Medicine's website called PubMed by putting my last name C-O-U-E-Y and the first initials, oh I'm not using my arrow, here it is, and my first initials J and J, Jonathan J. Cooey, and you will find me there and you can see what I did and verify all the things that I'm claiming.
You can also pause this screen here and you can check out
all of the things that I think make sort of listening to this platform and make my story a little bit unique, worth writing up, worth publishing, worth interviewing me about, worth asking questions, worth following up on.
And it seems that nobody really wants to follow up on anything with anyone because in the last five years of the pandemic,
The internet has become a place where everyone's opinion is equal, everyone's experience is equal, and everyone's ability to podcast and their ability to gain ground is all just based on how hard you work, and how often you get shared, and whether or not you're lucky enough to go viral.
And that's what they want you to believe, because this is for all the marbles.
They are playing for the children of Earth,
They are playing for your grandkids' consciousness, your grandkids' very understanding of who they are and how they got there.
And they want your children to be permanently on the internet so that they can replace reality with whatever narratives and whatever mythologies suit their needs.
Exactly as I was so eloquently described by Noam Chomsky in my introduction,
It is really about all the marbles.
This is about the children of Earth.
They're playing for your grandkids.
I don't make any jokes here anymore.
I don't think this is funny and I never have.
I am trying to develop a consistent set of graphics that allows people to understand sort of the plan here and what has occurred.
Everybody's got to have a longer time horizon.
We need to expand our time horizons of understanding because social media keeps us focused right here on the last three weeks and the week to come.
And actually our history is still available to us, but it's just written over decades.
And it's going to require more than just myself and people like Mark Kulak, who's trying to archive things and follow people's mentor chains to find out where these bad ideas came from and who perpetuated them.
It's going to take more than people like one person like me who's trying to reset our model of biology.
And Mark and I are just two Americans.
We need people all around the world.
that are aware of the game that has been played and what is at stake.
And that is, again, all the marbles.
The voice you're hearing is somebody whose track record in this calendar can be checked.
You can see the 15 plus years of me chasing tenure on the internet.
You can see the Scooby-Doo review that I posted in May of 2021 and what I originally thought was a great review and now I call the Scooby review for a reason.
You can see the stain of my work and my following drastic.
You can even get all the direct messages of that group and those that were shared because those are still all on the internet somewhere.
The FBI could have them.
The Interpol could have them.
The private people on the internet could have them because they're available.
You can see my record as a research assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine here in this blue square.
You can go talk to people who I worked with.
Nobody's done that, but you could.
You can see the record on YouTube where on July 20th, I already had it right that nonspecific PCR on a background could be used and misconstrued as spread and transfecting kids would be a crime.
You can find the evidence of the signal chat on the intellectual dark web.
I mean, it kind of makes my phone one of the more valuable iPhones in the world, doesn't it?
I was employed by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in CHD for more than a year and a half, almost two years, that culminated in the publishing of his Wuhan cover-up book with me in the indexed and cast of characters.
I've had a long friendship with
with Jay Bhattacharya that's based on the fact that I am a member and sort of part of the Broken Science Initiative.
I've been at a lot of those gatherings over the last three or four years and met him many times.
And so we're in a really strange situation because a guy from the Human Genome Project who says that he was the Research and Development Director at the time and, you know, an acolyte of Mark Lander and Francis Collins is now telling lies on big podcasts about this book, who I wrote together with the guy who's nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary, and who I've explained many times to the guy who's nominated for NIH Director.
And so this is where I am.
This is where I am on my 53rd birthday.
I don't know where, what all these other people, what their track record would look like if they honestly portrayed where they were and how they got there.
If they also would have a sort of document that they actually published themselves, which they now turn back and look at and say, wow, I was totally fooled.
And instead of deleting it or hiding it, I accentuate it.
You see, that's the difference between me and everybody else that X, and Substack, and Telegram, and Facebook, and YouTube would like you to listen to, would like you to follow, would like you to watch, would like you to Patreon, is that my track record can be checked.
It can be verified.
And nothing that I say about the biology and when I learned it is incongruent with what I said earlier than that.
None of what I say about the biology is incongruent with where I was before the pandemic and what I was saying at the opening of it.
And the crazy part about it is, is that most of the people that are in this narrative cannot say that.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can kind of say that his statements and what he's been against and what he's been standing up against since the very beginning has been very consistent, and it hasn't been transfection.
It hasn't been that RNA cannot pandemic.
Jay Bhattacharya, the same thing.
His opinion and outspokenness has been pretty consistently ramping up from the beginning to the end.
And he has argued that focused lockdowns and vaccinating old people would have been enough.
And so he too has an interesting and consistent stand on the biology despite supposedly learning an awful lot from me more than from anybody else during the pandemic.
After employing me for two years, these two guys both have a surprisingly consistent opinion of the biology
the epidemiology, the signals that matter from 2020 until now, despite our years of friendship.
And so I'm just a bewildered 53 year old man, just some dude in Pittsburgh who has no idea what's going on.
I couldn't tell you why Kevin McKernan called me chemtrail retarded a year and a half ago, and that two years before that, I mean, and two years ago he was on podcasts with me, and a couple years before that he was on my actual podcast.
I mean, it's weird.
I can't explain the behavior of these people.
I just know for sure that Kevin McKernan is telling an incorrect, false story about the writing of
and the support staff that helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who is nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary, who Mark Kulak and I are gonna stream live the hearing tomorrow just to see what happens, just to kind of enjoy it together.
Because we are in such an extraordinary, I just can't explain how I got here.
I can't explain how it is that despite all of this, it seems like this has been kind of detrimental for my family in the end.
I have no more visibility on social media.
I have no more, you know, reach.
I have almost the same number of subscribers that I had three years ago, despite apparently quite a few people trying to share.
One could almost start to doubt that.
But then, then this happened last week or the week before where they announced this Stargate project and everybody got all excited because, oh my gosh, look what they're doing.
But again, the story was not told correctly.
Because if the story was told correctly, then again, Jonathan Cooley and Mark Kulak would have been given credit for having said that they were inverting our sovereignty to that of experimental status, experimental model, experimental animal status, already four years ago.
before we fully understood how they were going to do it or the sort of, you know, details that would become obvious over the next four years.
But we already knew.
In fact, there's a recording of me in 2022 speaking to the FDA Committee on Vaccines.
And I say those exact words in my three minutes.
a comment at the FDA that was shared by none of my friends on social media.
None of these people who've given me little love notes.
None of these people.
Where did I put my wallet?
Oh, there it is.
And so just in case you're unaware, we've been calling it Their God, but Their God is AI.
Already back to Joshua Lederberg, they have been thinking that if they had a place to store all the data and they could collect it and then pour it all through a as yet non-existing giant computer, on the other end might come the answer.
The answer is 43 by the way.
All the marbles, this is about the children of Earth.
That's who they are playing for.
They are playing for multi-generational enslavement by mythology.
And so this stream and all of my work is always done for the people that are lost.
Today, I would like to dedicate my birthday stream to Annie Wershing, who passed away tomorrow in 2023.
It's probably the day before.
Annie is a friend of mine from Chicago.
We met at Shuba's in Chicago on Southport.
And what is it, Southport and Belmont?
I don't know anymore.
I gotta think about those streets in Chicago.
It's been so long since I've been there.
No, it's not 42 because my basketball number is 43.
Sorry, that's the optimal arc of a basketball shot in my humble opinion.
That's also my number on my shirt and I'm just making a joke.
Annie was an actress who moved away, an actor who moved to L.A.
in 2002.
Actually in the same year that I moved to Amsterdam.
And we stayed in touch.
And I was informed of, I guess we stayed in touch mostly on Instagram.
And I can remember very, very well the last time I was talking to her was about her third kid and about it was not going to be a girl.
Ours was a girl.
And, you know, it was just a long distance, you know, wish you well kind of friendship.
And we always hoped that our families would get together someday and then,
She got to be on this show, up here you see Picard, and she played the Queen of the Borg.
And it's my understanding that she was, and I don't have any direct contact with her family to say this, I just know from other people that this would have definitely been required.
She was required to fully vaccinate.
And as I understand it, she died from a very, very fast brain cancer.
And she leaves behind a talented husband and three beautiful, talented kids.
And this is just one story of many.
The only reason why I know this story is because she's my friend.
And if we don't wake up,
If we don't really consider the possibility that this is happening because of malevolence, if we don't really sit down and ponder this with the people that we love, with our communities, with our children, with our parents, if we don't sit down and think about this regularly as a possibility, then all the people like Annie, all the people like Nathan, who died on December 3rd of the same year,
Nathan actually knew Annie, too, because we were all in Chicago together.
All of my friends knew Annie.
A lot of my friends worked at Shuba's, so we all met there.
It was one of the happiest 10-year periods of my life, even though I didn't know what the hell I was going to do as an adult.
I knew some of the people who I wanted to be surrounded by for a very long time.
I wish I could still be neighbors with these people.
That's just not the way life went.
But I can tell you that in October of 2023, Nathan was in my house and took a picture with my family and hugged all my children.
And he left behind two beautiful daughters, intelligent, talented, and a beautiful and talented wife who, you know, had worked so hard already for her career that she was ready to retire early.
He was a partner at his law firm.
They had everything, they were the model family.
Everybody that I know looked at Nathan as the model guy, you know, the one guy that just always followed the rules and was always honest and never cheated on anything, never took any shortcuts.
He was the guy who went to law school and really got a tiny apartment and really stopped hanging out with people and really studied for six months at a time and then called us when he was done.
And he's gone too.
And the last conversation I had with him was on the porch right over there.
My wife was here and my friend Hunter heard it too.
He laughed at me because he was like, you really think that I could still die from this?
You really think that you can keep going with this story?
I said, this story just started my friend.
This story is just starting, my friend.
They are just now inverting our sovereignty.
They are just now bringing this technology out.
They are just now doubling down on what you believe and taking advantage of what you now accept as true.
And a month later, he was dead.
It's not that I'm happy.
It's that it's all part of the same line.
It's all part of the same long strange trip where I've tried to get the attention of everyone that I thought might be the right person to get the attention of and I've done it.
I've tried to tell everyone
the mistakes that we've made and how that we made them and how we were fooled into making them.
And these people don't want to hear it anymore.
And so it seems that my mission now, the only way that I can do justice
to the memory of these friends and this family's members that I've lost and other friends of mine have lost and other followers of mine have lost and other community members of mine have lost is to keep the pressure on and make sure that this narrative is never believed.
That the past doesn't fade away and become forgotten so that the myth becomes the truth.
Because wittingly or unwittingly, all of these people are involved.
And contrary to popular belief, it's not really fun to be where I am, where I had to say this person by person.
I had to separate them from person by person to try and realize that even that guy was lying and that guy was lying, which means if he's lying about that, then oh my gosh, all the way back then he was lying to me.
And that's the part that's most heartbreaking for me to try and convey without losing control of my emotions or getting angry or sad.
is because it went on for years.
And some of these people were my friends for years before it finally became obvious that they had been cooperating with the others all along.
And so these myths of there being no RNA viruses or we need to fear natural free-range RNA viruses or gain-of-function RNA viruses is where the world is at.
And the world is there because of team worst-case scenario.
If you put it on the calendar, these people did it.
If you want to know how they did it, it's a performance.
It is a performance where, when necessary and on cue, these people said, oh my gosh, the shot's bad.
Oh my gosh, the shot's bad.
I think it's contaminated.
And what you forget is that years earlier, these people said, oh no, it's censorship.
I can't talk.
I lost my YouTube channel.
These people have fooled us.
Because they are part of the chair.
They are part of the joystick.
They are part of the screen.
They are the interesting spaceships and the detailed graphics.
They are all part of it.
Just like in these old psychology experiments, the people in the experiment that are pretending to agree with each other are part of the experiment.
And on social media, it is identical to that.
And in the meantime, they want you to think it's the algorithm.
It's things going viral.
It's an out of control thing that we don't really understand, that only people, the engineers at Twitter understand.
No, it's very simple.
They can turn certain accounts off and they can turn certain accounts on.
Think very carefully about this for a second, ladies and gentlemen.
Even in a round number, optimistic scenario for people like Elon Musk, there might be a hundred million Americans that are active adults
on social media potentially influenced by their interaction with the forum.
There are, let's imagine, 100 million adults in America that are actively influenced by what they read on X. Just imagine it, please.
That might be the goal of Elon Musk.
That might be the ideal number for our governance by X alone.
Let's just imagine that best case scenario right now.
And then you go on your phone and you start scrolling and you read one post, two posts.
Three posts, like, retweet.
Four posts, like, retweet.
Five posts, oh, respond.
Erase.
Send.
Read, read, like, read, read.
How long do you have to do that before you have contact with your 1,000 accounts that you follow?
How long do you have to do that before you have reasonably sampled what's going on in America?
How long do you have to do that before you have some idea of what's going on in your community or amongst your group of friends that you trust?
That's the illusion that is presented here.
How is it possible that everybody that gets on Twitter sees these people and not me?
Sees these people and not you?
It's because people that follow you are as likely to see you as they are the other hundred million people in America, except for these people are programmed and turned on.
Their account has 10 times or a hundred times the reach, but by a programming, not by an algorithm, not by a clever tweeting or clever language or being really smart and consistent or tweeting at a certain time every day or no.
It's by programming, because these programs are a military program suite that have been unleashed on us by fake entrepreneurs.
And the idea is to govern us in exactly the same way as Edward Bernays described, exactly the same way as Noam Chomsky described.
That's what this is all about.
And team worst case scenario is how we got here, solving a mystery of a lab leak.
And now everybody on the right and everybody on the left says, well, it's a reasonable possibility.
Even if it didn't happen this time, it could be the next one.
And that was the whole plan all along.
One of the documents that you can see it outlined plain in front of your eyes is the SPARS pandemic document, which you can still find on the internet because that's what's going on here.
Now make no mistake about it.
I am, I feel like we are at a crucial stage in the narrative and they have made a crucial mistake.
I think it's like time for the Rebel Alliance to attack, you know, the time has come.
There is a kink in the armor, there is a crack in the dam and all of the pickaxes and rocks and hammers and pry bars have to be put into these cracks, this hole.
And the whole is that there is a person who claims that he is a former research and development director of the Human Genome Project and a longtime colleague and friend and acolyte of Mark Lander and a colleague of Francis Collins with photographs with him from way back when, who dropped out of college to work on the Human Genome Project, who, at the start of the pandemic, was advocating for a different set of PCR primers than the WHO was using.
and sequencing and screening weed for COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2.
That guy, I think, somehow or another, has made an omission, I don't know why,
on a podcast with more than a few million people watching it, where Jack Krause also went on recently with very, very many views, saying all kinds of things for the first time, and then has recently tweeted that transfection is just a word.
It's breaking right now, ladies and gentlemen.
They don't have anybody else on the bench.
And so the only thing they could do is go forward with the plan that they already had, that was already hatched out a long time ago, which was to put Charles Rixey into Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's book as the expert that would say the diffuse proposal was real.
and that if they made the proposal then obviously they already did the experiments and they really wanted Rixey to get me to be that guy and Rixey to be that guy or maybe I would compete with Rixey to be that guy by hiring both of us and then somehow he got fired from that job and that narrative is known
of how Rixey was fired during the writing of this book, that narrative is known by all of the people in the first paragraph of the acknowledgements page of this book.
All of them could be contacted and asked to go on record about what happened to Charles Rixey during the writing of this book and why his name is conspicuously absent from it.
And the reason why I'm going full court press on this particular thing is because the guy who told the lie has been meddling with my ability to make a living, with my ability to gain credibility and gain reach on social media since basically 2021 and probably much earlier.
Listen to him very carefully, I'm gonna let him speak and I'm gonna put a buzzer in when he definitely lies.
There's a lot of other things that aren't totally true or aren't said in a very accurate and specific way on purpose, I would assume.
But the stuff that is most egregious is when he says Rixey.
And so just be careful, listen carefully.
This is, I think,
one of the most crucial mistakes that this group of meddlers has made because this is not a mistake.
And so I have a timeline where my interaction with Rixie over many years is way worse than negative.
There's hours of video of him meddling with my family.
telling lies about me and my family and my track record and trying as hard as he can to keep my attention focused on him from 2022 onward.
And it started with this man coming to my house.
And so this is very personal for me.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh.
So there were grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health into the WIV, because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Right.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
OK, so the first thing you should know is that Drastic, the group on Twitter, already knew all of that in February.
And maybe it wasn't until March 2020 when we could say all of that very succinctly.
So that was the sort of main enchantment from the very beginning that just had me spellbound that, oh my gosh, I mean, they even say it in their papers.
And there's these articles in the Nuclear Scientist Journal and stuff like that about gain of function and the enrichment of viruses and flu viruses.
And oh my goodness gracious.
And so it's extraordinary that at the end of 2024, essentially the beginning of 2025, five full years after the theater was started, this guy, of all guys, is recounting the drastic narrative that I basically lost my job defending in 2020.
it's so bizarre to me it just feels like i've gotten out of a time machine like nothing ever happened for five years we could be in 2020 right now and this guy's just going on a podcast telling you what happened except five years late
going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seum technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any, like, evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that
And so anybody that's not in academic biology and anybody that hasn't done molecular biology in a real academic setting would be completely bamboozled by this, and it would sound crazy.
But no-see-um technology is the silliest myth of all.
And unfortunately, I didn't actually see the myth for what it was when I was helping him write this book, or I probably would have gotten it in.
But biologists of all
of all kinds have been using transfection to study the way proteins work.
And it could be that you take the DNA that encodes for the protein that you're studying and you grow a lot of it and then you transfect it into a cell culture.
and then make recordings of the protein and the ionic currents that go through it.
That was the stuff that I was doing at the University of Chicago before I did my PhD.
That's transfecting cells.
And then you express the proteins and record currents from them, study them.
And so the interesting thing about this is the guy is talking about technology that is as old as he himself admitted, like 1998, they were already using the word transfection to describe putting DNA or RNA in a place to express a protein and study it, or express the consequences of sorry, study the consequences of expressing the protein.
And so it just gets more and more interesting when you hear how he's talking about it at the beginning of 2025 on this very widely viewed podcast.
That uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it.
So that's where I was going.
I almost lost my train of thought there.
The transfecting of things into cell culture being a very ubiquitous methodology already before the pandemic also means that the construction of the DNA plasmids that ultimately are used for transfection or used to produce the RNA that used in transfection, the construction of DNA plasmids is a long, long ago thing.
And using restriction enzymes to cut things so that you can put them back together because they have ends that fit back together is a very, very old thing.
And finding ways, puzzling ways to cut this with that one and cut this with that one so that these two come together and we get the sequence that we want.
This is not a special technique of Ralph Baric.
This is a lie.
All molecular biologists that are looking to assemble a protein, where in the process of assembling that protein through synthetic DNA, they need to ligate a couple pieces together, then all of those molecular biologists at every university that's ever done that for any investigation that they've ever done, understands how you take the catalog of known and available commercial
restriction enzymes and look for one that cuts at your place of interest and can provide you with the sticky ends that will complement another cut that you'll make and the other one that will allow you to bring them together and
kind of by design, get the sequence that you want with the with the, you know, unique restriction enzymes that allow you to do it and figuring out which enzymes would do it is was one of the main arts of molecular biology back in the day before there were all these computer programs that you just, you know,
I need an enzyme to do this, you know, and then I need an enzyme to do this, and it just spits it out, and you had to know.
You had to be able to get these enzymes from the person that found them.
They weren't just all commercially available 20 years ago.
And so the only extraordinary thing is that when Barrick and they were doing it in 2015, it might have been more expensive and more difficult and required a few more contacts to do it if you didn't have a commercially available enzyme that you needed.
But in today, in 2020 or 2025, all of these things have now been commercialized, produced synthetically and are available off a shelf.
And so this idea that there's some special kind of ligation technique that Ralph Baric secretly gave to the Chinese is just... It is absolutely and totally part of the lab leak mythology and it is 100% bullshit and any molecular biologist that has enough experience on their bench would know that.
Because every molecular biologist wants to make the exact sequence that they found and they want to study.
No molecular biologist wants to settle for a sequence that's close, but not quite.
Because we had to use these restriction enzymes.
And then once we did that, the sequence wasn't quite perfect.
Nobody does that.
And so this is a mythology.
Mythology told on a giant podcast about a book that I helped, the nominated
Secretary for Health and Human Services, right?
Why is this person lying about it?
necessarily from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that got them caught, basically.
And if you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped RFK write his book about this.
And Charles Rixey's a Marine, and he's been like a dog in a bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the defuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the defuse proposal?
No, what is that?
So there was a grant that was proposed to the DoD to go build a weaponized coronavirus under the banner of we need to build a vaccine against this because if we can do it, the Chinese can do it kind of thing.
And the DoD turned down the grant because they thought it was too fucking crazy.
You'll have something to leak from this.
Even that statement is absolutely ridiculous.
He doesn't have the reviews from it.
We don't even know if it made it to review.
It was just a document found on a government website and leaked.
And now he says Rixey leaked it.
This is one of the things that I find most intriguing about his statement because Rixey leaked it where?
I know that Rixey had this document with the group Drastic for at least two months before they published it in public.
because they wanted to do a report on it.
And so Rixey, the Marine, the Patriot, the shoe salesman at the start of the pandemic, decided to work with a group of anonymous international people on the platform Twitter to produce a PDF report.
of the defuse proposal rather than, I don't know, going to the FBI or to the government or to the police or to, I don't know, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or CHD or
He decided to work with it with a bunch of international meddlers, most of whom I know are liars or traitors to the children of their country because I had contact with all of these people and I don't anymore.
Not one of them has turned out to be a guy or a woman with the integrity to say, well, Jay is a creep, but boy, was he right a long time ago?
None of them have, not one of those people.
And that should show you how dangerously malevolent this was from the very beginning.
Not one of those people has woken up.
Not one of the people in Drastic has woken up.
They are still playing this game.
Most of them have blocked me on that platform.
Now, this guy is trying to tell you that Charles Rixey of Drastic released the defuse proposal, but Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
will tell you, and you can look it up on his own social media, that it's Veritas.
who released it.
He even went for a hike with that O'Keefe guy on the day after they released it, because there's a picture of him hiking with Robert F. Kennedy's dogs.
And so it's weird that Veritas says that Sergeant Murphy released the defuse proposal to him.
makes no mention of drastic and no mention of Rixie and the fact that he collaborated with a bunch of anonymous foreigners before he released the document.
And yet here the human, the former human genome project research and development director, Kevin McKernan is insisting that actually it's Charles Rixie, a Marine who's been a dog on a bone with this thing.
This is a crucial kink in their armor because this guy was promoted by CHD with Mary Holland and Brian Hooker about the contamination in the shot.
It is this guy who is working with Ulrich Kammerer in Germany to show that there's some integration of the spike protein into cell lines.
An experiment that I suggested and set up.
It is this guy who was on that stream with me, and Jessica Rose, and John Bodwin, and Stephanie Seneff, where I told him what he would months later called Chemtrail Retarded, but couldn't really come up with any argument for it at the time, and still hasn't provided any argument for it at the time or now, except for that, well, yeah, there's all those sequences on the internet, how could he explain those?
So his insistence on accepting the high fidelity signal and all the data from the CDC and all the data from DITRA is just consistent from the very beginning of the pandemic.
Because in 2020, he was saying that the PCR worked, just not the way the WHO says.
But, as anyone who's written grants, I've been involved in writing grants for our company.
We got like $30 million in grants from the NIH.
You don't apply with a grant, not having... $30 million of grants from the NIH, and now he's going to say what?
He's going to say that you don't apply for a grant without having it all done.
Now, interestingly, that's what I'm quoted as saying in this book.
And it's in fact one of the things that I was encouraged to see as, don't you understand when Rixie came to my house?
See, Rixie came to my house because I said that.
And so that's quoted in this book.
And so now here he is saying it.
But it's not true for one reason and one reason only, because DARPA doesn't work that way.
DARPA calls for grants, and you can't have data for them.
You know, if they want you to provide a novel means of intergalactic propulsion, then you don't have all of your experiments done before you throw in the application.
And that's not how DARPA works.
And the question is, what is the grant application for which this grant was submitted?
Curiously, they don't say anything about that.
And when they do, they're very cryptic about it.
It's okay.
It's not really a big weakness.
It's just another thing that I always notice.
Let him keep going.
Done 80% of it.
It's just, you're looking for the last 20%.
Because you just can't.
The grant process is so grueling and so competitive that in order for you to succeed, you have to have all this preliminary data that shows like we can get Xed on.
We've demonstrated this piece.
That's absolutely true for most NIH grants, but it's not true for DARPA grants, and this is a lie.
And it's a very good lie that they actually used me to tell in this book.
It's one of the six quotes that I am quoted in this book.
One of them is an excerpt from my podcast with Charles Rixey where I say this.
I was trapped, ladies and gentlemen, just like a lot of these people.
Wittingly or unwittingly, you think you're working for the good guys, you think you're fighting for the good guys, and then suddenly, everybody's in front of you saying what you said, but not quite, and moving along without you.
With 10x the number of followers that you have, or even 100x the number of followers you have, supporting them on Substack or wherever else they rake in their laundered money.
Now we just need to do this last piece.
And in that diffuse proposal, they had used particular restriction enzymes.
These are enzymes that cut at particular sequences in DNA.
Those are important because they help guide the way that you cut and paste DNA together.
So imagine if you're cutting and pasting a Word document.
Now the design of none of these constructs, I'm not arguing with any of it.
You can make a paper.
You can design constructs that have a sort of cassette-like function.
People have studied ion channels this way.
People have studied the function of lots of proteins this way.
essentially using two restriction enzymes to pop out the active site or pop out the main part of the enzyme and pop in a different one so that they can rapidly mutate a particular site.
As I said, none of these techniques are new.
No-see-um is a myth.
It's just DNA ligation.
Now he's going to tell you that, ooh, they had this really clever thing and all these signals are present there.
Well, you know,
That doesn't mean that's what's going around the earth.
And in fact, he will be very imprecise and not ever say to Danny Jones, you know, we didn't track the fear and cleavage site.
We didn't really pay attention to how it changed or if it changed or whether it went away or which strains kept it and which strains didn't.
And that's a huge, that's a huge failure that I've been identifying over and over again for the past four and a half years now.
Your your your your your highlighter to highlight what sentence you want to cut can only start and end with certain like letters Those and this this is funny this analogy that he uses is actually my analogy from the book But it's a very shitty version of it.
And in fact, it's so bad That you can tell that he's trying really hard not to just use the one that I used It's it's awesome it is awesome this is
It's never gonna be more visible than it is right now in 2025 because of Kevin McKernan.
Those are what restrictions are.
So imagine you could only cut and paste where there's a the.
So you would have to then build a paragraph knowing that the paragraphs that have sentences that start with the, we're going to cut with this enzyme.
And the ones that have sentences that start with maybe, we have another enzyme with things that start with there, which is a couple more letters onto the, right?
And we're going to use those enzymes to cut here.
And by doing that, we can assemble this genome.
Well, they had certain restriction.
See how crappy that is?
So there has the in it.
So actually anywhere where you cut with there, you would also cut with the.
And so those two would be absolutely useless.
Do you see how stupid that metaphor is?
That is how bad, that is how bad we are being meddled with right now.
Millions of people will see this in the coming year.
I guarantee it because YouTube will serve it to them.
because they have all these guys with funny pope hats smoking weed and breathing into the microphone, all kinds of creepy messages on the same podcast.
So then after they watch that podcast and laugh about myths of Christianity for three hours, they'll get served this guy's video.
enzymes in that diffuse proposal that are present in coronavirus that's currently circulating.
And that was kind of the smoking gun that showed that, OK, this was in fact assembled.
It was a product of the diffuse proposal.
Someone eventually carried out that that grant application to its final conclusion.
And that's why it's actually circulating.
And holy wow.
Holy.
And so what's happening here is an illusion of consensus is being created where the giver of knowledge is opening the mind of the naive guy.
And so you as the viewer, you as the listener should also be like, Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
It is awful.
And he doesn't have to be an unwitting participant.
He can be a witting participant.
He can be a full-blown actor being paid to go, oh, wow, that's so amazing.
I can't believe it.
Rixie has the whole story on this.
You want to talk to him and Alex Washburn.
Alex Washburn did some really interesting work.
Alex Washburn is a mathematician who doesn't know jack about biology and has been unwittingly roped into this.
I got woken up in the middle of the night at one in the morning to write an article about Alex Washburn's paper.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was even on the phone a couple times during the writing of that paper.
We gotta get this paper out.
We gotta get this article out.
And Charles Rixey actually fell asleep during the writing of that article.
And there are people at CHD with real names.
in the acknowledgements of this book that know that story too, because they were up at one in the morning and on that phone call with me and Rixie.
So all of these stories that he's telling are not just lies because I know, because him and I were in a closet together and he told me the truth.
No, ladies and gentlemen, because the events
that he's explaining and the people that he is attributing them to are incorrect.
They're false.
Sometimes in the English language, we would call a person like this a liar.
Mapping out the frequencies of these cut sites in all other coronaviruses.
And only in SARS-CoV-2 do they exist in a manner where they are almost perfectly spaced.
They build a thing back together in six pieces.
So the Humpty Dumpty comes back together in a sort of an engineering way.
And so Shengxi Li
paid agent of USAID and paid agent of EcoHealth Alliance finds a sequence and then for a year and a half, all of the sequencing of that and monitoring of that is done by the US government and DITRA.
Not by a bunch of different labs all around the world, not by a bunch of, you know, independent places like universities and stuff.
No, all samples are sent to a central location and controlled by DITRA for more than a year and a half.
And so he's telling us that some sequence that was found on a server and released to Charles Rixey via a group of international meddlers called Drastic proves that the RNA was made and designed in a laboratory and leaked, and then they covered it up.
It couldn't be that the agent that they paid just did what she was paid to do, which was announce that they found a sequence.
It couldn't be that.
through only in SARS-CoV-2.
If you look at where those restriction sites exist in all the other coronaviruses we know about, they're kind of randomly scattered.
They don't look like someone designed them in.
When you look in SARS-CoV-2, they're very perfectly spaced such that an engineer put it together
And there's a particular set of them near the Fearon cleavage site.
See, the weird thing is, is that there's recombination in coronaviruses.
And so the order in which the genes are found in the whole genome and where they're arranged, it's pretty hard to explain how they get so consistent once they start sequencing and follow them around.
It's almost as if they're kind of making up the biology as they go along.
was remarkable about.
And so it's it's weird, right?
Because again, here's where if you weren't in on it, you wouldn't understand how much of a bullshitter this guy is.
So he is confounding two different things.
The first thing he's confounding is the idea that they have this fear and cleavage site surrounded by a couple restriction enzyme sites that allows them to cut and remove that sequence.
Like, you know, if this was the if this was the fear and cleavage site or this is the ACE2 binding site,
Then they put these restriction enzymes on either side of it so that when they cut it, that gets removed and then they could like put a different sequence in there like this pen, right?
And so he's suggesting that this cassette exists and it's so that they could optimize it to binding ACE2.
But that's not what the diffuse proposal says at all, Kevin.
As I recall, although I'm not gonna get that document because I'm pretty sure it's fake.
The diffuse proposal suggests that the fear and cleavage site is swapped in and out.
And I'm not sure if, I'm pretty sure that the fear and cleavage site is not the ACE2 binding site.
So that's weird, right?
That he's not being very specific and very precise about, which is odd, unless he was just being stupid complicated for the sake of confusing everybody to watching this stream and not knowing exactly how malevolent his narrative is, pretending to give away information when in fact he's obfuscating it.
the zoonosis thesis is that this thing came out pre-optimized.
Like when we first found SARS coronavirus, the binding affinity to ACE2 was already optimized.
That's not normal.
That's also what two different Australian people said from the very beginning of the pandemic, one of whom was involved in drastic very early.
There's that Quay guy, but then there was this other dude too.
And I can't, I can see his face.
I can't remember his name.
Dang it.
I got to get that out.
If this were a zoonotic event, the leap would mean it was unoptimized and would take maybe five or ten years to become more optimized in the population.
So the person that actually published the data which originally needed to be shut up about this was hired by his old boss, Alina Chan.
published a paper in May of 2020 that I covered with two bike rides on YouTube that showed that the SARS virus that was found in Wuhan is the same virus, is the same virus, is the same virus that they keep finding everywhere.
And that that was very different than what happened with SARS in 2002.
And she shows that the SARS virus reported in 2002, when they were able to sequence, it was changing by 10 to 50 amino acids every sequence they found.
But over the first six months of the pandemic, less than 10 amino acids had changed in SARS-CoV-2.
And her preprint has not actually been published in a journal.
Her preprint actually disappeared.
And instead she became a permanent research scientist, a staff scientist at the Broad Institute at MIT, where the Human Genome Project was set, where the Whitehead Institute is, where Mark Lander is the director.
Because she works on artificial chromosomes before the pandemic.
And she wrote a book with Matt Ridley that talked all about the lab leak.
And no matter how much I contacted her as a member of DRASTIC in May of 2020, she ignored me more than you can imagine.
That's where we are.
Keep going, Kevin, keep digging.
That's another signature that someone had to have a piece inside the design of this virus that they could swap in and out to put a library in there to commentarily screen for fear and cleavage sites in receptor binding domains.
Just be careful because the fear and cleavage site is a second cleavage site.
There's already one.
That's why the S1 and S2 subunits come apart.
That can't happen unless it gets cut twice, otherwise you'd just have something hanging.
You see?
Make sure you read this Molecular Biology and find these cartoons, because the people in the chat that think they know what they're talking about with the S1 and S2 subunits, you only know
the cartoons you've read or the cartoons you've memorized.
And if you start checking into it, you will find a lot of incongruencies in this because it's not clear.
They added the proline so that the spike protein couldn't change configuration.
and so that it would stay bound in the membrane.
It's not clear to me that they also altered the fear and cleavage sites so that the S1 subunit would not be released.
This is something that they very rarely talk about, but in the beginning, the spike protein had an S1 and S2 subunit.
The S1 subunit went and went into circulation.
So that's two cleavage sites.
Make sure you know that.
That would effectively allow them to reach for optimization out of the gate.
And so Charles and Alex have a good story around this, about how they use serial passaging.
So that's the fourth time he's mentioned Charles Rixey, a guy who came to my house.
Make sure you realize that.
This is personal for me and my family.
And the engineering design that they have in this implicate this as being in fact, a weapon that was built.
And it's not something that hopped over from pangolins and bats and all that stuff.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Harvey Reich, I think has another interesting like window on this.
Harvey Reich is another interesting person to mention because he's part of team worst case scenario that identified a long time ago and have been following for years.
And I will show you him in photographs later.
It's a curious person to mention of all the people he could mention.
It's worth a view on the Ron Johnson thing that I was at.
Harvey gave his pitch on like, all right, where the hell did this all come from?
And how do we avoid doing this again?
And he had the most compelling synopsis, I think, because everyone's been like, can they be this evil?
What the hell happened?
Interestingly, although Danny Jones has changed his set, this little spinning triangle has remained exactly where it was.
It's just on the new set now.
I think his story makes the most sense, which is that the biodefense industry, if you will, has always kind of justified itself on that we need to be doing gain-of-function research to protect against a particular weapon.
And so we're going to preemptively do all this.
Fast forward to 2020, they've never come up with something they've saved us from.
And then the first thing that leaks is potentially from their own making, right?
Right.
So that puts the biodefense industry on their heels in that we have to be in control of the solution to this.
Otherwise, we're non-existent when this is done.
So let's get Fauci involved because they had him on payroll.
And of course, Fauci, I think you've probably seen some of those emails and conversations that have come out where it's like, you'll have orders.
You have things to do.
He's so arrogantly talking about, you won't, you'll get a vaccine or you'll lose your job.
Yes.
The kids will get kicked out of school.
his his emails internally that leaked out of the NIH were were like, you'll have things to do tomorrow.
You must read this paper.
This is a paper about, you know, potential leak right early on this like February and the pandemic where it and so
So here we are talking about the emails, again, something that could have been easily orchestrated by a biosecurity state that wanted us to be fooled into solving a mystery about a lab leak, and then for five years had people like the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project coordinating this narrative across podcast after podcast after podcast.
Because that's what happened.
even if you didn't see all the podcasts they went on.
If you go digging on BitChute, and Brighteon, and YouTube, and Rumble, and Odyssey, you'll find them.
You won't find mine, but you'll find lots of theirs because they were full-time, ladies and gentlemen, full-court press from 2020 on.
it first hit on him that this could have come from money from his pocket, like it could have come from the WIF, the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
And so suddenly Tony's now implicated.
Seriously, I would believe the possibility that the biosecurity state has fooled Tony Fauci into believing there was a lab leak.
And I think that it's possible.
that Tony Fauci is not biologically sophisticated enough to understand that RNA can never pandemic.
That doesn't make any sense at all.
If you believe that evolution because DNA, then it definitely can't pandemic.
That doesn't make sense.
So maybe Tony Fauci's fooled, but Francis Collins isn't, Mark Lander isn't, Ventner's not, and McCairn's not, because his dad wasn't.
Just like Brett's dad wasn't.
Just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad wasn't.
And maybe have funding the virus that leaked.
And suddenly he's in panic mode, sending emails to everyone that night, like, read all this stuff, you'll have assignments tomorrow, like, we gotta get on this.
And Francis Collins.
The crazy part is, is that Carey Mullis was mentored and had behind him Joshua Lederberg.
And the only guy who ever mentions that
is Mark Kulak.
Everybody just says Carey Mullis, Carey Mullis, Carey Mullis.
If you say Carey Mullis, you're saying Joshua Lederberg.
You just don't know it.
Holmes is in there talking about how we have to have a swift takedown of all these conspiracy theories that say it could be engineered.
Fauci could be guilty because of ignorance, because of people like him behind the scenes, because of people like Francis Collins behind the scenes, because of Rick Bright behind the scenes, because of Stephen Hatfield behind the scenes, because of Robert Malone behind the scenes.
That's how this works.
It is a coordinated group of liars, inside and out, public and private, that coordinate these mythologies, perpetuate them to create an illusion of consensus that a lot of people are trapped in, guys.
A lot of people.
More people than we probably can imagine right now.
And so they're in high gear right now trying to cover this up.
But you know, his take is that that the biodefense program then went to high gear trying to get seen as the only... I want you to imagine the idea that Kerry Mullis came up with a brilliant idea that his friend and colleague Joshua Lederberg understood better than him.
That's all we're saying.
That's all we're saying, ladies and gentlemen.
solution to fix this that way they would have a justification for yes something leaked sorry we don't really know who made it but we happen to save the day with a biodefense program having this vaccine ready see this scan and function stuff really needs to happen otherwise we would have been millions of people would have died without this
which is a narrative you hear people try to propagate in the news, right?
That without this vaccine, it saves 20 million people.
They conjure up all of these weird epidemiological studies that try to make that case in their own modeling studies that are easily dismantled.
Remember, he's got to say the truth sometimes, right?
It's always got to be the truth sometimes, but not all the time.
So let's get moving here.
I think that... Let's get moving here.
So where we are is the Timor's case scenario brought us here.
Timor's case scenario was placed in 2020 and before.
so that they would have the track record necessary that they're being artificially promoted by the military social control program suite that we call social media, it wouldn't seem odd because they were already out in front.
And so it's not odd if Mary Holland goes viral at the beginning of the pandemic it's not odd if everybody's following Merrill Nass the bios bioweapons expert at the start of the pandemic and even though, you know,
Nobody, because of the way social media works, should have any more reach than anybody else.
It's very clear, again, what I'm trying to say is if you're only going to see 300 tweets, do you think the private owners of this platform are going to allow you to see 300 tweets that are just your followers?
Or are they going to show you things they want you to see because that's what this military social control program suite is supposed to do?
That's why I can't, I can't win there.
I need you to share PeerTube.
I need you to share the Soapbox.
I need you to share my videos by downloading them and emailing them to other people.
Downloading them and starting your own YouTube channel with them.
If every one of my followers started downloading the shorts that Jeff from Earth cuts and then made their own YouTube channel and it was a thousand people did it.
That would be something.
The shorts are gonna keep coming.
The shorts are very easy to download and the shorts can just be a YouTube channel that you use your email to do.
And it will be a completely independent, you choose the clips you wanna put up.
That's the only way we can beat them because my account's turned off.
It's never gonna be turned on again.
And if you retweet my account, it's turned off.
So no one's gonna see it, even though it feels good to tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, retweet, retweet, doesn't happen.
It doesn't matter, you're just in the chair.
But it's important to understand that this is a kink in their armor.
This is an admission because of the track record of this person.
If he was just minding his own business, sequencing pot and growing pot and helping people get their pot clean until 2023, and then was asked to do an experiment and now is speaking out, that would be very different.
But that's not at all what Kevin McKernan was engaged in in 2020.
He was central.
to narrative control in 2020.
And this narrative is the trap.
It's about a novel virus that millions could die from, that millions more will be saved from because it could be a lab leak.
And so it's important to put this into context.
It is a myth full of expected outcomes of this transfection.
It was a myth full of expected outcomes and all the characters that were given a part of the script were essentially complaining about a spike protein that was doing something that other spike proteins didn't do with the witting or unwitting notion that this was really preparing the population for the expected outcomes when they would start doing that.
And they were hidden.
They were hidden in a discussion about the fear and cleavage site, or the toxic spike, or censorship, or lab leak, or gain of function, or flying aids, or there being no virus at all, or for Kevin McKernan, that PCR works, but it's just not the way the WHO said.
It's not fair.
Their paper was reviewed in like an hour.
And so no useful resistance to the biological mythology that was the foundation of the exercise from the very beginning because these people were part of the exercise.
That's why the guy who said PCR works, just not the way the WHO does it, was a author on the Corman-Jorston Review, and Claire Craig was, and Mike Eden was, and Thomas Binder was, and all the other people that are on there.
Every one of those people should have to go on record and state why it is that they did it, who contacted them when, and how much they had to do with the writing of that paper.
because I would bet my family on it, and I am right now, that it was this guy and his teammates that assembled that group to get them tied into what is effectively non-resisting the tenets of the narrative.
And so in 2020, he was saying that PCR works, but just not theirs.
In 2021, a whole year and a half later, a year after writing the Corman-Jorston report, he came on my stream to tell me that the RNA isn't pure, that they have live dead technologies that they could have used to sort out the PCR false positivity a long time ago, but they didn't.
The strains are real.
And in 2024, he's still saying those same things on Danny Jones, but in addition to that, he's lying about the book.
And the weird part about it for me, the one that really sticks in my teeth, what bothers me the most is that he's not just lying about the book, but he's inserting a character in the book that for more than three years, I have been consistently saying is a liar and a meddler.
and for the last two and a half or three years has been consistently collaborating with a guy by the name of Kevin McCairn, who is also a liar and a meddler from the very beginning with ties to George Webb and Paul Cuttrell, and a lot of the other people that were central to starting the curation in the beginning.
And I think that it's even possible that Kevin McCairn was recruited specifically for me.
because he contacted me so early and said that he did a postdoc with somebody that I now work with.
That guy, Charles Rixey, came to my house in January of 2022 to convince me to do a stream about the diffuse proposal after three consistent months of me telling him that it was bullshit.
A couple weeks!
after Kevin McKernan streamed on my stream and I interviewed him and was completely blown away by his depth of knowledge and oh my goodness, wow, I'm so grateful for you.
That's not by accident.
That is a focus of people energy on me and my family to make sure that I would believe a lab leak was just revealed by the evidence that the diffuse proposal represented.
And if you see the timeline here, we are talking about three years later at the beginning of 2025, the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project is going on big podcasts and lying about this guy, who has collaborated with this other guy, who there can be no doubt is just a clown car following us.
He went to Japan and stayed with him for months.
These guys have been in cars together.
And the actual reason why he was fired from the editorial group that was writing Bobby's book is because he showed up at a editing Zoom meeting with that guy in the background.
And people that are in the acknowledgements of this book in the first paragraph, they all know exactly what happened, how it happened, when it happened, and they know that I'm telling the truth.
And therefore, the Health and Human Services Research and Development Director named Kevin McKernan is not telling the truth.
I guess he could have been told this and just assumed, because maybe Steve Kirsch told him this, or Robert Malone told him this, but that would only be possible if he didn't know me.
All right, I am here again with Kevin McKernan.
Kevin is a founder and CEO of Medicinal Genomics and knows... Okay, just to make sure you're listening, she said, I'm here again with Kevin McKernan.
Now, it looks like she's streaming from her daughter's bedroom and she looks really professional.
I'm sure she's got thousands of viewers.
So this is the second time that Kevin McKernan is gonna be on her stream in October of 2020.
And he's gonna talk about, let's see what.
a bunch about he designs tests, knows a bunch about testing.
And so I'm going to ask him about that.
I'm also going to ask him some other questions related to the development of the mRNA vaccine, which, well, you can
Not that you're an expert on that, but I think you might have some insights into what they're trying to do there.
So my first question is, first, welcome to the show.
Thank you.
Thank you for coming back on.
Yes.
Thanks for having me again.
I've been enjoying all the last podcast.
Now I feel I've got to...
a higher bar to reach with your most recent guests.
Oh, so he was on before and he's been watching her podcast grow and get better.
So he's got so little time or so much time on his hands that he can not only come back to her stream, but he's been watching her other streams and it's really great.
Huh.
Interesting.
Yeah, I've had some good ones.
I've had some good ones.
Maybe we'll check and see what other good ones she's had in a little bit.
Let's go forward to July 2021, where he's on her show again.
I hate that voice.
All right.
I'm back here again with Kevin McKernan.
Kevin's been on the show before, knows quite a lot about genetic science, knows actually quite a lot about patent law.
And so I've asked you here today to talk about this video that's kind of gone viral.
with David Martin and Rainer Fumich.
I hope I'm saying that right.
Basically, David Martin is in the business of looking at intellectual property and he has closely looked at all of these patents that have been filed for decades.
And he's got a bunch of claims in this video and then in the document that he links to.
But one of the main claims is that
what we are now calling the novel parts of SARS-CoV-2, the things that define it as a novel virus, were actually patented many, many years ago.
And that there are multiple patents on these components.
So I wanted- So she did say that he knows a lot about patent law, right?
So now she's bringing him back for more expertise.
And she's gonna talk about this video that went viral.
with David Martin and the Corona Investigative Committee with Reiner Fulmik.
So here we go.
I probably spelled his name wrong.
I apologize.
Well, my first question, first of all, welcome to the show again.
Thanks.
Thanks for coming back.
So that's at least three times, by the way.
My first question to you is, what does it mean to patent genetic material?
What does it mean to patent a genetic sequence or a genome?
So that's a good question that the definition of that has changed over time.
So David is mostly pointing at a 2003 patent.
There's a lot of patents.
And so what is happening here is what I've described as an illusion of consensus about with whom to argue and what to argue about.
And so David Martin is an authority, and Kevin agrees.
David Martin is asking relevant questions, and Kevin agrees that there are solutions or answers to those problems that need to be discussed.
Would it surprise you that there's even another video that he did with her and what it might be about?
I can't touch on them all and it'll probably go beyond the scope of the show, but he led off that Reiner interview speaking about a particular CDC patent on the SARS-CoV-1 genome.
This is not the current one in circulation, but the one that was found in 2003, 2004.
Think about the details that he knows.
Oh no, you're mistaken.
He's already got the script right in front of him.
The first thing I'd like to talk to you about is this, and then he just goes on as if he got asked a question that he has an obvious answer to.
Because it is an obvious, I mean, that's what happens when you're on a script and someone's reading it.
EC did in fact file a patent on that.
The claim language in there that they filed on was an isolated nucleic acid, and that language we'll touch on is fairly important.
Now there is some case law around this.
I was involved in dealing with a lot of this case law because we had a clinical sequencing company sequencing kids for epilepsy and mitochondrial disease.
Sequencing kids.
I like to sequence kids.
I had a company where we were sequencing kids.
But I'm sure this isn't about remnants.
This isn't about sequencing people and matching it to their medical records.
Of course, it's nothing to do with that.
This is just an innocent pot sequencer.
And this was after the Human Genome Project.
And suddenly there was 4,000 gene patents all over the place.
And it was difficult to navigate all those.
And many may be aware of a space with a particular household name known as Myriad.
Myriad had patents on the BRCA1 gene.
And so this got very controversial and eventually went back
Now, patents are really interesting from the perspective of pharmaceuticals because for a patent on a gene would allow you to produce the protein, you know, because you have a patent on the gene and the gene is necessary to produce the biologic.
And so he has indeed been in this space for a very long time.
And so he probably has a lot more insights than he's offered.
And in fact, I think his track record supports that conclusion in spades.
And the scope of patent eligibility changed with some work from Justice Thomas Clarence.
hate that voice.
All right.
So that was in 2013.
And at some point in time, the antibody patent paradox comes out in the Yale Law School review.
And also in as part of a opinion written by Gorsuch, I think it was in 2003 at 23, where much of the biology that supposedly supported the patenting of antibodies was dismissed as no longer being as fidelitous as they said, as
high fidelity, as they say.
I don't know what I said, fidelity, that's not right.
So, you remember, you will recall, I think there's one more.
Let me just make sure I know where I'm going here with my slides.
Yeah, there's one more.
Hold on one second.
And so, we can go to February.
Kevin McKernan.
Kevin is Director of Medicinal Genomics.
He's been very
So we can go to February 2023 now.
So here's that line, right?
February 2023 is about three and a half months after Kevin McCairn came to my house in Pittsburgh.
And it is a full, let's say a year and one month after Rixey came to my house.
And so we're in February of 2023.
What's, what's he going to be on the show for this time?
active in the COVID space and over the last few years, very prolific in writing about lots of things from the sort of fraud of PCR tests to the fraud of peer review.
And I've brought Kevin on the show today to talk, first of all, welcome to the show again.
And I have brought Kevin on today to talk about something that's been in the news
in a big way, the recent Project Veritas video purporting to show a Pfizer executive who is going on about how Pfizer is looking at doing, he doesn't call it gain of function, he calls it directed evolution experiments.
And that, of course, ignited an uproar across.
Now, of course, on the Danny Jones podcast that I am focused on here,
He actually doesn't mention this part, even though he definitely has discussed it here with her.
And he doesn't mention the fact that Veritas released this video of Pfizer guys who were enriching the coronavirus in their lab to test the new versions of the vaccine.
He makes no reference to that at all and instead says Rixey released the diffuse proposal and the diffuse proposal proves that this works.
So it's a really interesting place for him to be
actually a full year ago or more saying things about Veritas, but then in 2024 ignoring that Veritas released the diffuse proposal because that's what is in this book.
It's weird, right?
It's so weird.
I don't know what he's doing.
I don't know why he's doing it other than he's working against us.
Across the world as it should.
with Kevin McKernan.
Kevin is Director of Medicinal Genomics.
He's been very active in the COVID space and over the last few years, very prolific in writing about lots of things from the sort of fraud of PCR tests to the fraud of peer review.
And I've brought Kevin on the show today to talk.
First of all, welcome to the show again.
And I have brought Kevin on today to talk about something that's been in the news in a big way.
The recent Project Veritas video purporting to show a Pfizer executive who is going on about how Pfizer is looking at doing, he doesn't call it gain of function, he calls it directed evolution experiments.
And that of course ignited an uproar across the world as it should.
I mean, none of the writing has to be him.
How much of the writing of Paul Alexander's substack is actually Paul Alexander?
How much of the writing of Sasha Latupova is actually Sasha Latupova?
How many of the three substacks a day, the average of 12 per week, that somebody like Jessica Hockett or Robert Malone puts out, how much of that is actually theirs?
That's what we're dealing with here.
If you turn over your substack to the military industrial complex that's running this operation and let them write whatever they want to and you just take the proceeds of it and be the shrugging the shoulders hero guy, you know exactly what these people are.
They had no idea that they'd be here in 2025, that they'd still have to stick to the script.
that they would still be actively sustaining it through their performances.
They thought by now, there'd be a bunch of unwitting people all around the world that would be shouting this from the rooftops and their job would have been done years ago, but it's not because of us.
Because of Mark, because of Grace's dad, because of Joe Marshall, because of Uwe Alschner, because of the people that are really fighting
With Kevin McKernan, Kevin is director of medicinal genomics, he's been very active in the in the COVID space, and that you know of course ignited an uproar across across the world as it should.
It's Kevin McKernan.
Kevin is director of medicine.
Oh, sorry.
OK.
I didn't realize it was wrapping around so fast.
So if we go back.
OK, I'm here today with Meryl Nass.
And look at who she's had on, you know, that made her podcast so good.
Interestingly, in February of 2021, she had somebody I know as an absolute meddler for sure.
from years ago.
And this is a very interesting introduction, February, 2021.
Let's hear it.
She has, you may have seen some of her articles.
She had a fantastic article about hydroxychloroquine quite a while ago.
And more recently, um, this piece, shameless manipulation, positive PCR tests drop after who instructs vendors to lower cycle thresholds.
We have been played like a fiddle.
Um, so welcome to the show.
I just, as background, Meryl has been an internal medicine physician for 40 years, is that right?
And what got you, why are you so interested in the testing, the whole sort of theology?
See how she's being played?
She doesn't even know why she's talking to this lady.
Why are you so interested in this stuff?
Who the hell are you?
So Kevin McKernan is going on a podcast of a person who's not even masquerading as a journalist.
I mean, really, is she really interviewing Meryl Nass, having not found her blog or looked up CHD, or really?
Sounds a lot like every person I've ever been interviewed by.
Holy Moses.
Oscar, that we're finding ourselves in the middle of, what got you interested in this?
Well, I've been an activist my adult life.
And I have a background that luckily makes me able to understand what's going on with COVID in a lot of different ways.
Most important thing to understand here is that she's introducing herself for the first time to this woman.
It seems pretty obvious.
So, somebody like this, who's been working for this long, should probably have a couple big messages.
A couple, you know, quick through the corner, this is what I'm about.
And so what are those messages?
If I was to come on the podcast for the first time, what I would say was, you know, I was a guy who didn't know anything before the pandemic, but now I've come to understand the U.S.
vaccine schedule as being criminal.
I've come to understand it's RNA incapable of being a pandemic.
And I've come to understand intramuscular injection is probably being dumb in general.
And so how did I get here?
Well, you know, I was a biologist and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And so that's how you open an interview when you have a message.
And so it's very clear that she's not going to say the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal.
And I knew that before the pandemic, she's not going to say anything remotely close to that.
Instead, she's going to toot her own horn for 20 minutes, February, 2021.
So I have a background working in biological warfare.
I investigated and was able to uncover, I'm the first person who's done this, investigated an epidemic using its features.
Where is she looking?
Where are her eyes?
And statistical information and shown it was due to biological warfare.
And I did that in 1992.
I
try anything that's obviously incorrect or a lie or is harmful to people, if I can use my expertise to help to uncover it or make sense of it, I do that.
So I have a fairly good science background.
I got a bachelor's degree in biology from MIT.
I went to medical school and did an internal medicine residency.
I worked as an internist doing all the things.
I mean, Steve Kirsch is MIT.
Stephanie Seneff is MIT.
I don't think I know anybody that went through MIT that I would consider.
I mean, this is just done for me.
This is done.
But just keep listening to how much of an admission it is in February of 2021 when played in 2025.
internal medicine doctors do.
So I've worked in the ER, in the ICU, in hospitals, and then also seen outpatients.
I've also had to sort of design
treatment programs and evaluation programs for lots of people who got sick from Gulf War syndrome, chronic fatigue syndrome, and anthrax vaccine.
So why not list all the times when the narrative had to be controlled?
Why not just list every single time the narrative had to be controlled?
The chronic fatigue syndrome thing was also intimately intertwined with Robert Malone and Mickiewicz's labs.
and the AIDS crisis, which she doesn't mention at all here in her list of heroics.
The anthrax vaccine and the records that come from it show her and Robert Malone and Veera Sharma all in the same congressional transcript.
And I think that was in 2011 or 2002 or whatever.
You know, it's like, come on, guys.
These people are put in place.
And sometimes other vaccines.
So, and in the middle of all that, I... And sometimes other vaccines.
What kind of a message is this from somebody who works at CHD as the primary scientific advisor?
How much is she really putting on the line as an old lady at this point?
She's certainly not risking it all.
She hasn't even said anything yet.
I've testified to six different congressional committees and several Institute of Medicine committees.
I've been quoted in all major U.S.
newspapers and major other media, given lots of talks at conferences, written about 35 papers.
And she has no message in February of 2021, no message at all.
She's still justifying why you should listen to her.
But if the message was good, the justification could be left for later.
If you got a really good suggestion on how not to screw up the meal that I'm currently cooking, it might be better for you not to talk for 20 minutes about all the restaurants you worked in and just tell me that I'll burn the butter if I don't turn it down.
That's how stupid this is.
So anyway, I have the science background, the medicine background, and the ability to look for information and figure things out.
Funny, that's what my first bike ride starts with.
You want to see it, I'll show you on YouTube.
It's hilarious.
You, you, you monster.
You traitor to my children.
You traitor to my children!
I'm gonna play this music.
You're gonna love this beginning.
You probably don't even remember it.
It's so friggin' cool.
There's the Alina Chan one.
There's the special report.
There's that one.
Full on cut.
Let's take a bike ride.
Next.
This here.
Coronavirus.
La la la.
Coronavirus, is that the first one?
February 16th.
I think this is the first one.
And this should block it.
Yep, good.
So we're gonna slide this one over here and we're just gonna see it for now, right?
So let's just, this is it.
I can read about stuff.
This is JC on a bike.
I lost that house.
I lost this life.
I lost this.
This is evidence of me innocent.
This is evidence of me taken.
And I'm not ashamed of it.
Good evening, Pittsburgh and universe.
This is JC on a bike.
My name is JC and this is Journal Club on a bike.
This is a special episode about the coronavirus outbreak.
I'm not a virologist.
I'm a neurobiologist, but I'm a broadly trained biologist.
So I can read about stuff.
I can read about stuff.
Make judgments about whether it sounds.
And so she's saying that she's, you know, she's got the track record and the skill set.
So I got in for information and figure things out.
So, um,
Anyway, I have the science background, the medicine background, and the ability to look for information and figure things out.
And so I got into the issue of, is CDC counting cases directly?
recommendations helping us to diagnose cases correctly.
Essentially the work that she was doing for CHD is irrelevant now.
It's not need to be mentioned.
I don't need to say that I was working for CHD and CHD is trying to stop the vaccine schedule or curtail it or or bring truth to it or fight for the health of children who were injured by vaccines.
She didn't even mention it!
Wouldn't you think that her life was actually culminating in the work that she was doing at CHD with the glorious Patriot Mary Holland and the glorious Patriot Robert F. Kennedy Jr.?
That's a hell of a resume.
Yeah, and treat them correctly.
So Kevin McKernan on random podcasts multiple times, four or five times in the first year of the pandemic, not just that random chick.
Don't forget about the Vance Crowe podcast three times in 2020 where he said PCR works, but just not theirs.
That the FDA is a real pain in the ass because EUAs are like 10 pages of paperwork.
And if it wasn't for the FDA, we'd probably already be out of this because they're holding back all the repurposed drugs too.
Stop lying.
The thing is about the video in 2024 is that you must view this video in the context of his track record as a dissident, as an outspoken information source.
If you do the due diligence like I've been forced to because he's meddled with my family in particular, he's not just some guy I know on Twitter.
And if you don't start evaluating these people in the context of their track record by looking at their history of words and statements or actions or lack thereof, you will be fooled by the same illusion of consensus that these people have been curating since the beginning of this mess.
And yes, there are more people that you can see that are doing it.
You could look and you could find more people because this list is long.
And they hid all kinds of damage stories in this narrative.
Cardiac damage was something that Richard Fleming was going on Kevin McCarron's podcast month after month after month to say that spike protein was hurting people's hearts before transfection started.
And also, Richard Fleming had his own private protocol that included remdesivir.
You didn't know that?
Oh, that's weird, isn't it?
That you didn't know that?
Mitochondrial damage?
How many people were talking about mitochondrial damage?
And for how long were they associating with the spike?
And how many more people besides Walter Chestnut and Jessica Rose and Kevin McCarron were doing it?
Lots of them were.
Including the guy Vajon Health, who was just on Steve Kirsch's little podcast a couple weeks ago.
prions, amyloid.
That was all the stuff that these lab leak and gain-of-function people were talking about the flying AIDS people.
And we're really viciously opposed to all these people saying there's no virus.
Kevin McKernan was just probably the coordinator of all this bullshit, or one of them.
There's no other way to explain his presence all over the internet with these people, including Vance Crowe, who was a former employee of the World Bank.
who just decided to podcast in 2020 because I don't know, just like that girl with the white headphones just decided to podcast.
I don't know.
Who are you Merrill?
Why do I have to interview you?
So these people were put in place as team worst case scenario.
And the only thing that's required for this to go forward is for them to stay spectacularly committed to the lie.
No matter how many times they have to lie about me, no matter how many times they have to distract people from me or obfuscate my message or try to co-opt parts of it, they will stay spectacularly committed to this lie until you call them out.
Like I'm calling them out by putting their face and name on social media and detailing exactly what they are lying about and why.
How long they have known it's a lie, I can't tell you.
But I know that these people have known that I've had a better message, a clearer message, a simpler message that could disrupt and dismantle the entire public health system for at least two and a half years because Bobby heard it live.
Because Steve Kirsch's steering committee has heard it live.
Because John Boedeman has heard it live.
Because Robert Malone has heard it live.
Meryl Nass has heard it live.
They all know.
Years ago they heard it from me already.
And it is very conspicuous that Kevin McKernan was in front of the Senate as part of this team worst case scenario that includes Robert Malone and his wife, that Jessica Rose and Ryan Cole and Brett Weinstein.
These are the people who covered up the real truth that there was an expected rise in all-cause mortality coming and that the population pyramid showed it to us decades ago because there was some big families for a while after World War II.
And that wasn't very good for the population of the Earth's trends.
So they told us that a mystery virus was coming.
Even Fauci told us three years before it came because he knew it was coming.
The bump in all-cause mortality was coming and the need to manage it with murder and lies was inevitable.
That's why none of the people that are on social media that have risen to have 100,000 followers and get their tweets
gets seen by tens of thousands of people, have never mentioned this list of obvious murder, of obvious lies, obfuscating murder, that include the opioid epidemic in America, that include the use of supplementary oxygen in 2020, the overuse of ventilators, the lack of antibiotics, and it goes on and on and on.
There is no epidemiological evidence of spread and somebody like Denny Rancor has been saying that from the beginning of the pandemic but not correcting anybody when they don't.
That's why we don't have any lawyers explaining to you what strict scrutiny is and why we might want to hold the government to it under certain circumstances and instead are kind of sort of focusing on strict liability without actually explaining that either.
Yes, Aaron Seery.
is a fake lawyer, a liar, a traitor to our children.
Yes, Mary Holland is a liar, a fake lawyer, a traitor to our children.
And I am saying it because they cannot deny it.
Their track record reveals it.
the things that they submit to court to reveal it.
Aaron Seery's latest two submissions in I Believe Texas and Louisiana are a joke and any lawyer that read it would realize that the government in its response to his filings states very clearly that this is not a challenge to anything this is a whiff and uh and so thanks for playing
And that's why they keep talking smack, but not winning anything.
Because they're all fake, ladies and gentlemen.
And Kevin McKernan being in this little team worst case scenario is very, very unfortunate.
But it's definitely real.
Because this same team worst case scenario was in Romania a few months before that Senate hearing.
telling all the same bullshit, and more importantly, that's where they all saw Denny Rancourt show that there was zero epidemiological evidence of spread.
And since that meeting, Denny has had the opportunity to correct them because they've all been saying, Denny Rancourt is a genius and he shows that 17 million people have died from the shot and they completely ignore the first half of his talk and he doesn't care.
He doesn't care because he's part of it.
He doesn't care because he's been covering this up and being that guy since May of 2020 to make sure that nobody sees or figures out that the population pyramid was going to increase all-cause mortality.
He specifically says that that's not a signal.
And he said it specifically on Jason Levine's podcast, With Me Live, so you can verify it.
These people are all part of the same show that Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan have likely coordinated from America.
And the other person who I know for sure is involved in this, probably less likely to be really involved because he's such a moron, is Brett Weinstein.
But for sure, Danny Rancor knows he's involved because he has to have been involved since 2020.
The way he interacts with me, the way that he doesn't share my work, the way that he promotes himself, and the way that he doesn't attack any of these people for misrepresenting his findings from May, 2020, is absolutely an admission that he is in on it.
Otherwise, he would have told you already what I'm telling you, that the population pyramid has this really weird bump right here, that when it gets to retirement age,
could bankrupt any western country and therefore needed to be managed with murder and lies.
They told you a story.
They told you a story that Ted Turner was already worried about it.
He told you about this already years and years ago.
The reason why social security was going to go bankrupt is because of this problem.
And so I really think we need a consensus in 2025 about one thing in particular, and that is that the overclass, that's the people that don't need money, could put in place highly trained acolytes to manipulate our habits and opinions by controlling the questions we asked,
and the answers we arrived at to trick us into believing anything.
And I'm talking about Robert Malone, Merrill Nass, Elon Musk, Peter Thiel, everybody that's on podcasts with these mouth-breathing fake journalists like Barry Weiss.
These are all people that are involved in being highly trained acolytes and visible that are perpetuating this limited spectrum of debate by which we are governed, which is almost exclusively made of myths.
Even the myths of their riches and their wealth are myths.
They are being used by the overclass.
The weird thing is...
It would be really easy for you to believe that this woman is a acolyte put in front of you to control the questions you asked and the answers you'd arrived at, but it's so much harder for you to believe Robert Malone or Kevin McKernan or Charles Rixey or Kevin McCairn or Merrill Nass or Marilee Holland would also be part of the same system, but they are.
There are two main things that they should be doing in the days that they have left.
The first is to get testing out there.
I feel like we should have learned our lesson from COVID that just because we aren't testing, it doesn't mean that the virus isn't there.
It just means that we aren't looking for it.
We should be having... So you know this woman's full of it.
You know it in 2024 if you see her on the news that some people think that she's a genius from all the way back when, right?
but it's easy for you to see that this person must be nonsense when she's talking about the bird flu.
rapid tests, home tests available to all farm workers, to their families, for the clinicians taking care of them so that we aren't waiting for public labs and CDC labs.
Now the thing you have to remember, of course, is that she made her CNN and American debut as the public health something, something for Boston and was actually on the news during the Boston bombing.
So again, the term is put in place.
They put these people in place so that they would be with a track record that made their artificial promotion during the pandemic seem normal.
You know, like just what the algorithm does because, you know, she used to be the health commissioner for Boston and stuff.
to tell us what's bird flu or not.
And the second very important thing is, this is not like the beginning of COVID, where we were dealing with a new virus, we didn't have a vaccine.
There actually is a vaccine developed already against H5N1.
The Biden administration has contracted with manufacturers to make almost five million doses of the vaccine.
However, they have not asked the FDA to authorize the vaccine.
There's research done on it.
They could get this authorized now and also get the vaccine out and to farm workers and to vulnerable people.
And so the narrative is being repeated again, and that's not very surprising with her, right?
But what about somebody that I considered a hero for a long time?
What about somebody like that?
in 2025, heavily going at us with gonna kill you, blah, blah.
And you just said, you're not seeing any difference in the pasteurized milk.
Pasteurization is not designed to get rid of viruses.
It is just not able to get rid of viruses.
So viruses will persist in pasteurized milk.
The only reason we pasteurize milk is so it doesn't spoil quickly.
So we can we can have it last for a longer period of time.
So, you know, the safety benefits of pasteurization against avian influenza really, really don't exist.
The weird part of that for me is that that suggests to me that actually he doesn't know much about the virology cartoons that they've shoved down our throat.
Because I would like to just posit one thing for Brian Hooker that he might not understand.
Coronaviruses are positive strand RNAs, which means they can be translated directly by our cells and don't need to carry their own enzyme.
However,
flu viruses are negative strand RNA viruses.
And that means that any replication competent viral particle needs to have inside of it an enzyme to translate the RNA from positive strand to negative strand so that it can be translated into proteins.
That enzyme would be denatured by pasteurization.
And it is a vulnerability that in the cartoon of coronavirus isn't there.
And so it's a weird little detail that Brian Hooker doesn't seem to be aware of or doesn't seem to think is necessary to point out that flu viruses in their cartoons have a different vulnerability because they're negative-stranded viruses and they need to carry their own enzymes.
And enzymes can be damaged by heat and pressure.
Hmm.
Interesting that this person is so sure that there are viruses in milk.
The other woman was in vaxxed, of course.
It doesn't make me feel good to have to point these things out.
But I have to evaluate his statements in the context of
my own experience, which is that I did five streams with Cottrell and McCairn, two associates of George Webb, in the first few weeks of March and April.
And I'm pretty sure those people were meddling with me and have been meddling with me since.
That's five years.
that includes Kevin McCairn, who had a long collaboration with Charles Rixey, who the health and human, or the, the, the, I, I, I told you already about who's lying about him.
In July of 2020, I know because YouTube has the video up.
what I was saying in 2020.
I know in 2020 in December what I was saying because I have the streams and I know that's when I started writing my review which would be published in May that I now call my Scooby-Doo review but at the time it was like the best write-up of the lab leak, transfection, viral evolution story that there was on the internet.
And that was when I met Brett Weinstein for a whole year, tutored him on Signal with a bunch of other clowns that I know are meddlers, including Chris Martinson, and Alexandros Baranos, and Marinos, and Matthew Crawford, and Jumi Kim, and his wife, Heather Hain.
They were all in there.
They all know everything that I typed.
And that was before I got hired in the blue square by Robert F. Kennedy Jr., before I was on the Defender podcast with Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Jessica Rose, and Tess Laurie and told them my theory and still was pretty dead on balls accurate for it in 2022.
And then I was fired in January of 2024 by, by this guy right here, right?
By,
by Brian Hooker in 2024 for six minutes of my podcast talking about Robert Malone and why is he slagging off CHD.
Brian Hooker knows that's the truth.
Brian Hooker also knows that I explained to him that RNA cannot pandemic and yet he is going on a podcast with Polly and telling people that pasteurization won't get rid of viruses in general.
It's the precision of a high school teacher at best.
Certainly not the precision of somebody who claims to have had me as a colleague, a subordinate colleague.
I was a staff scientist under his direction for a year.
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen, but they're all against us, witting or unwittingly, they have a spectacular commitment to this lie and they're not going back on it because their insurance is too good or their salary is too good and they are just too damn comfortable.
And so I think one of the weak points is this guy.
This guy right here who lied about the contents of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's book, lied about Charles Rixey's role in it, who lied about people that came to my house.
That's the admission.
Just like what Pierre Cory was doing in 2020 in his admission, because what he did precedes all of this.
He went to New York, he claimed that pulse ox was really low and that they were giving supplementary oxygen, just like Kyle Seidel did, who was promoted by Kevin McCairn as being the guy with the solution, you know, 60 liters a minute, it's great.
And he also provided the medical affidavit that said that George Floyd suffocated.
Now, I need to take a little break for my throat, but I think it's really important to see that even on the other side, there are people who look over to our side and see the preposterous nature of some of the characters that I've been involved with.
And so reminder that Pierre Corey and Brett Weinstein were on Joe Rogan in the sixth month, in June of 2021, after Robert Malone was on The Dark Horse, after Robert Malone was on Joe Rogan, then Corey and Weinstein went on together on Joe Rogan.
Now, what you might not remember is that there was actually an emergency podcast in June of 2020
which was also a Joe Rogan podcast, but that was just Brett by himself.
And in that podcast, he makes some crazy statements.
And this random YouTube guy, who's actually on the other side, sees Brett for the fool that he is.
And what I need you to see is that Brett and his schtick actually make it possible for the opposition production videos to be equally effective.
That's why there are people like Sam Seder who use Tim Poole's citing of Bret Weinstein and Joe Rogan as obviously they're dumb.
It's easy.
It's exactly how it's supposed to be.
As enticing as Joe Rogan's podcast is, it's as easy to take clips from it and make him look like a fool, and therefore it's not very dangerous to challenging the limited spectrum of debate that's being
curated by all the people you think are trying to argue their way out of it on Joe Rogan.
And so listen to this guy's name is Chill Goblin, C-H-I-L-L Goblin on YouTube and he's got a couple other videos including one about Trump and Epstein and his entire thing is citing Whitney Webb's books which I think
Mark would find just so entertaining because he is a very entertaining presenter with very high production levels.
So I want to take a little break from my voice and let this guy explain to you how ridiculous Brett Weinstein is because I don't need to do it.
Now remember Brett Weinstein was also part of the team worst case scenario that presented in front of the Senate and that was the one that Kevin McKernan was at.
That's him right here.
I'm sorry I'm such a bad weatherman.
And Brett Weinstein actually flew all around the world to go to Romania to be on stage with all of these people that actually included Nick Hudson, who only revealed himself more recently as a meddler.
But look, also Harvey Reich, the guy that Kevin McKernan says, you know, is a real smart guy on Danny Jones.
And Harvey Reich was also there in front of the Senate with McKernan, but Harvey Reich was also in Romania.
with Stephen Hadfill in Romania.
And so Brett Weinstein was over in Romania, and he also didn't notice that Denny Rancourt said there was no epidemiological evidence of spread in 2020, that it never spread across borders like you'd expect it to.
He just didn't seem to catch that part of this presentation, just like the rest of Team Moore's case scenario didn't seem to catch it.
And Denny Rancourt doesn't seem to give a darn.
And so just to recall, I got into a signal chat with Brett Weinstein in August of 2021.
And I posted this the other day, just so you could see it.
And all of these people that are listed here could confirm everything that I've claimed over the last three and a half years and confirm that I was indeed right.
And that these people obviously knew that I was right or could tell you that I was right now because they were in that signal chat, but they're not.
Jumi Kim is going on the Brett Weinstein podcast and claiming that she just, you know, sat in her house and learned it on her own.
Chris Martinson has got his own thing going and you can hear Paul Cuttrell and Kevin McCarron promoting Chris Martinson in 2020 in some of the videos that Mark's archiving.
So here's Bret Weinstein in August of 21, saying that he's seen JC on a bike and provided a lot of clarity for him.
And he also read the May piece that I'm now calling my Scooby-Doo.
And so he's familiar with the word transfection, why it needs to be called transfection.
And yet I'm going to spend the next year trying to convince him to say it.
And he won't, except for once when his wife kind of says it wrong.
So this is again, the guy that I wanna take a break with.
This is Chill Goblin.
And he's gonna pick up Brett Weinstein right here where he goes on the Joe Rogan podcast in June of 2020.
I might need to escape and start it again.
Let me see.
Oh no, please don't do that.
I might not have clipped it right or something.
Okay, I'm gonna just escape to make sure.
I might have to click on it.
Maybe I just set it up wrong.
I don't believe that being a international symbol of reactionary politics was ever what Brett had dreamed for himself.
Brett doesn't want to be Charlie Kirk, dammit.
He wants to be Charlie Darwin.
If only there were some massive global event, some worldwide catastrophe that Brett could use to make himself known for his scientific genius.
Brett and the big spike.
When coronavirus dropped, it presented a huge opportunity for Brett Weinstein.
All of a sudden, people were very interested in what scientists had to say, especially if what they had to say went against the mainstream liberal media.
Brett, as we've seen, was already working this type of audience, so it was a natural transition for him.
By June of 2020, Brett had so many opinions about coronavirus and other issues of the day.
He'd already spent months gargling them on the Dark Horse podcast, but now it was time to spit them into the Joe Rogan sink.
I'll say right off the top here, not all of Brett's opinions on coronavirus were wrong.
On occasion, he was very correct.
For example, back when the CDC was advising people not to wear masks, Brett was insisting on his show that masks were good, wearing a bandana around his neck at all times.
So, you know, and I don't know why we are pushing this madness of
masks that scream medical yeah you've got a bandana i do yeah but you know the fact is the bandana all right maybe i look like a goofball but the fact is it's more fashionable in my opinion than a medical mask oh you're being fashionable that's cute oh it's very cool brett you look like the only guy at black block carrying around a copy of the bell curve you look like a west world robot that gives you a side quest denying medical aid to trans people well done buddy
I mean, actually, like I bought I bought this to make fun of you, but I actually really like I really like it.
I'm going to wear this unironically.
I just like the way it makes me feel.
Of course, not all of Brett's code era opinions were strictly public health related.
The second the podcast starts, Joe Rogan takes the opportunity to congratulate Brett on his Nostradamus level ability to predict that BLM would be a thing.
Remember, this is crucial to see what it is because in 2020 in June, Rogan is going to remind his audience that in 2020 and 2017 that Brett was the guy who got kicked out of a university for saying stuff.
He got to speak in front of the Senate for saying stuff.
He lost his job for saying stuff.
And so this is pure, unadulterated, like liquid evidence that this is the narrative they want you to believe.
This is the narrative they want us to hand to our kids.
That Brett Weinstein is a guy who went into academia and suffered for being bright, suffered for being smart, suffered because of woke.
And he sees it, of course, this guy sees it, which is brilliant.
If anybody sounded the alarm that all this madness was gonna come to fruition in the real world, it's you, sir.
You were the guy.
What's happening at Evergreen, and now it spills out into the real world.
Just like I said it was gonna.
You did.
I did.
I said it in several different places, and pretty clearly, you know.
According to Brett what happens to him at evergreen was just a microcosm of where the move now I can't stress enough that actually the first half of this video is talking about that at evergreen and details Very clearly what didn't and didn't happen.
It's a magnificent dissection of it So I can't recommend it enough the guy's name's chill goblin But remember I'm not saying he's a good guy
I'm saying that he's a guy who's just trying to do stuff.
Maybe he's been told what to do.
Maybe he's got a staff or he's just a really interesting editor, but his Epstein video is exclusively citing the books of Whitney Webb and even puts them in the corner a couple of times.
So maybe they found him and then he did that one.
I don't know.
He's not a very prolific content maker.
So I'm not saying yes or no, he's right.
What I want you to see is even if he's just a,
innocent content creator so much of what he sees is dead-on balls accurate for what we're fighting because here he is again seeing that Brett wasn't always wrong he had the bandana and goggles thing right movement for black lives would eventually go and
I really don't know if you want to put yourself at that point in the metaphor, Brett.
I think that this is actually the people who are catching up to the fact that evergreen has now spilled over into the world have not caught up to the fact that this is unstoppable at this point.
And that means that the next set of predictions are
So, so much of what Brett is, it's already unstoppable.
It's already inevitable.
This could be the end of the West, as he said on Highwire in 2024.
Are far more dire.
They talk about how the BLM movement has become anarchist, which I don't think is really true.
And then Brett drops a bomb.
You might be able to predict what it is.
I'm going to put a content warning here for discussion of George Floyd's murder and Brett's very bad take on it.
So skip to this time code if you'd like to avoid that discussion.
And so it's very crucial for your participation in this study that you realize that Corey submitted his
affidavit that Floyd suffocated to a Minnesota court, as far as I understand, where he is not certified as a doctor in June of 2020.
And now in June of 2020, on the Joe Rogan podcast, Brett Weinstein and Joe Rogan are going to discuss Floyd.
All right, here's Brett's thing.
He doesn't believe that George Floyd was murdered necessarily.
The furthest he's willing to go is to say that it was a huge miscarriage of justice.
He also doesn't believe that Derek Chauvin would be convicted by an honest court of law.
We don't know, in the public, based on what we have seen, we don't know this to have been murder.
Because if this was Derek Chauvin being a dick, that is for a court to decide whether or not it is murder.
In other words, if he was doing the policy as the policy is laid out based on the criteria that would trigger the policy.
Have you read any of this?
The real point here
is not that he is innocent.
I don't believe him to be innocent.
My real point is that we are all acting as if we have seen with our own eyes something that is unambiguously murder.
I believe we saw something that may... No, we're not.
No, we're really not.
Only you are telling us that that's what's happening.
You see the enchantment?
It's neuro-linguistic programming.
well have been murder and may well not have been murder and that the way that we determine whether it is murder is in a courtroom with due process.
Now Joe Rogan is wrong about a ton of stuff from trans people to Tulsi Gabbard and he also has a tendency to just go along with whatever his guest at the moment is saying and not challenge anyone but
To give Joe some credit, he actually does challenge Brett directly on his George Floyd opinions.
And I think he does a pretty good job of it.
If I am, I'm an expert on choking people.
You know, I understand what happens to the brain when you cut off the blood supply.
I've had it done to me.
I know I could kill a man that way.
I know I could.
If I decided to lean on someone's neck for 8 minutes and 46 seconds with all my weight, that's a dead person.
If your neck... So is that what happened or is that what Joe wants you to believe happened?
That's what Joe's handlers want him to say.
I mean, did he really have his neck on the concrete and then the other knee here with all weight on it?
I don't know.
I'm not sure we have a video that shows that.
I'm not sure if you could scream out for two minutes and say words if somebody was really doing what Joe is describing here.
One side of your neck is on the concrete, and the other side is 200 pounds of my body, all focused on my knee.
And I'm balancing my weight on your neck.
You're a dead man.
But that's what we saw, right?
I know what you're saying, that maybe he also had a heart attack.
But the idea that those two are not related seems to me to be... Is that what he's saying?
That maybe he also had a heart attack?
I didn't hear Brett say that.
outside of the realm of possibility.
Now Joe Rogan is more of an expert in the... Of course Floyd was fake.
But what they're doing here is creating a consensus about the fact that he's not fake and the important thing to ask is whether or not he was killed or whether he just died from being mishandled or an overdose.
And Corey provided an affidavit supporting the idea of suffocation just like Rogan did on his podcast just now.
Yes, we were played.
We were played by them.
All of it.
the study of choking people than Brett is in any field, but Brett still doesn't buy it.
And he soon moves the conversation on to discussion of the lab leak theory.
Now keep in mind, this was back in June, 2020, and unless you're Donald Trump, it was very hard to discuss the possibility that COVID leaked from a Chinese lab because it was so easily turned into animosity against Asian people and real world violence against them.
But Brett Weinstein was one of those brave people
who was willing to not care about that.
And the story that is looking more and more likely, what I would call the lab leak hypothesis, is looking ever stronger.
This is another one of Brett's predictions that people love to point to to showcase his credibility alongside him being correct about masks and him apparently predicting the BLM movements.
And with this one it sort of makes sense because over time the lab leak hypothesis... Do you see that the lab leak hypothesis makes him right about masks?
Masks don't make any sense if it's just your average virus, but if it was a lab leak virus, then masks made sense.
And that's what we were arguing about with Kevin McCarran and Charles Rixey and Cottrell and Drastic and all this bullshit.
That's how they got us.
And then for years and years, you know, it depended on whether you believed it was a lab leak, but if you thought it was a lab leak, you might be avoiding getting it.
you might be hoping that it will evolve into a less nasty one.
You might want to avoid the flying aids by not getting it now, and that's what a lot of these people were arguing.
And so it's interesting that this guy, who's clearly on the left, believes that the lab leak idea makes him more right about the
about the masks in some ways if he were to be right about it.
This has become more accepted.
I'm not a scientist.
Did I mention that already?
But from what I understand, it's pretty much agreed that while a natural spillover is much more likely, almost any scientist would agree that a lab leak is at least possible.
And I also think if you want to speculate about the lab leak hypothesis, that is totally okay.
But you need to be careful not to contribute to any anti-Asian racism.
That's pretty amazing, right?
He's totally down with that.
He's totally down with the lab leak because it's fine.
And that's exactly how the military operation worked.
It was a lab leak and it was a mystery that we had to solve, a cover-up we had to break.
And he's fine with that now.
Just wish people would have been more precise about it.
Now what's interesting is in this video, he also analyzes his appearance on the Joe Rogan podcast sometime later, that's actually an emergency podcast.
And so in case you're not aware of that, there was an emergency podcast.
Or I don't believe
as is the other, we're not certain.
Well, what's gonna come back?
And so there was a Weinstein emergency podcast, a Joe Rogan podcast, one year later in May of 2021 that preceded his own Dark Horse podcast with Kirsch and Malone.
He went on Rogan, and this is what he did.
at you is that you made a flowchart and you said, you know, here and also on Bill Maher, something like, I think there's a greater than 95% chance.
Now, remember, they got I should have let that play.
They got to go on Bill Maher in November of 2020.
And say lab leak out loud together.
They went on Bill Maher on HBO, and said lab leak.
And so that's what she's talking about now.
And apparently he's getting in trouble for having said that it's like 90% certain.
Well,
And that is read, um, apparently as certainty.
Oh, great.
Some real plausible deniability there.
They then shifted into their next topic of conversation.
I've, wait, I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say the I word on YouTube without having my video instantly demonetized and maybe even taken down.
and I love money, so I'm going to err on the side of caution here and just say horse paste instead.
Now, I already know this might upset some of the diehard horse pasters out there who find that phrase insulting and inaccurate.
And to them, I would say, yes, you get it.
I am bullying you in a mean and unfair way because I think you're promoting a mistake that is getting people killed.
It sounds like an insult because it's an insult.
Glad we could clear that up, and I sincerely hope your feelings are heard.
Now, to be fair to Horse Paste, it's true that it does come in a human version.
It saved millions of lives.
I love those little pills with the dark horse on them.
lives, and it's won the Nobel Prize.
And it's done all of this by being a very effective and safe anti-parasitic.
It kills all the parasites in a horse's or human's body and poops them out the butthole.
Which is great if you happen to have malaria or river blindness, which are both... Malaria is a funny one to mention because I don't think they'd use it for malaria, but anyway.
caused by parasites now if you're a scientist you might already the reason why that's funny is because hydroxychloroquine was for malaria right so here you can again probably start to see why chill goblin might not be on our team either right now you're seeing it that's the way
know this, but COVID is actually not a parasite.
It's a virus, and horse paste seems to do absolutely nothing to prevent you from catching COVID.
On the other hand, horse paste is generally a safe drug to take, as long as you're taking it in the correct human-sized dose, and you aren't specifically taking horse paste instead of something that actually works and is available to you, like the vaccine.
Oh, so if you took ivermectin instead of antibiotics to fight a pneumonia, you could die?
Oh, wow!
Crazy.
So it would be wildly irresponsible for you to use your platform to say anything other than that, which I'm sure Brett, no, no, Brett.
Oh, you already know what's about to happen here.
Brett Weinstein saw a couple of very small, very early, and very bad studies that showed some correlation between horse paste and not getting COVID, and he immediately made this his passion project.
Brett.
You're a scientist.
How are you hopping on such a dubious cure so early?
You're like my friend back in 1999 who tried to convince me that Lou Bega was going to be the next Beatles.
Yeah, I know Mambo No.
5 parenthesis a little bit of is an absolutely fresh track, but maybe let's wait and see if these results can be repeated.
So on this podcast episode, Brett brings up horse paste.
And I think it's actually very funny considering how important this episode would be to Brett's trajectory.
that it seems like he came in with a very concrete plan to talk about horse paste, but he did not let his wife Heather in on it at all to the point where she actually wanted to cut the segment for time.
Like she didn't think it was that important.
And then Brett's just like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is important to me.
Okay.
We got to talk about horse paste.
And she's just like, all right, I guess.
Maybe we should drop some of what we're going to talk about with regard to horse paste.
I have a lot prepared here and I just don't think we really have time to get through it all.
Well, so let's just let's just start and see what we can do.
We have to talk about the predicament that we are in on YouTube with respect to paste for a horse.
So, all right, here's the classic Weinstein maneuver.
And I've seen him do this so many times on so many different podcasts that at this point, it's just like watching a finely tuned ballet.
So he starts out with the disclaimer.
We are scientists who are about to talk about scientific evidence.
We are not going to make any recommendations as to what you should do, and we are not going to say anything conclusive about what the data say because the data are not themselves conclusive.
Right?
Then he gives you the reasons why you actually should listen to them.
However, it doesn't mean the data don't imply things.
And, you know, I think YouTube ought to think very carefully about whether it wants to confront two people who have the proper credentials, and in this case, have just been through a circumstance where a hypothesis that they were suggesting needed to be investigated is now understood to be necessary to be investigated, you know, in science, etc.
So that's the context.
So he's talking about the lab leak there, and this is at least two months before I would join him in a signal chat in August.
It's kind of generous to say that they were proven right about the lab leak when nothing has been proven about the lab leak, but okay, we'll go with it.
Then Brett brings up the studies about horse paste, which somehow he makes the fact that they are very small in scale sound like a positive.
Now the one thing I would like to point out here about the signal chat is in that signal chat was Alexandros Marinos and he spent the time that I followed him in 2021 doing two things.
He was either blowing sunshine in the direction of Elon Musk before he had bought Twitter
Or he was talking about Ivermectin and he claimed it was because he was injured by the shot and he thought Ivermectin would help his long COVID or his vaccine injury or some bullshit like that.
And he tweeted over and over and over and over and over and over and over again about Ivermectin.
That's it.
Elon Musk is awesome.
Elon Musk is smart.
Elon Musk is a hero.
Ivermectin, Ivermectin, Ivermectin, Ivermectin.
That's Alexandros Marinos.
And until I actually tweeted, why don't you move on from Ivermectin and tell people to stop transfecting themselves, he blocked me.
Large studies are great because they reveal very small effects.
When you have a very large effect,
you do not require a very large study to see it.
The compilation of all of these things is very strongly suggestive that I- Stallion s-sauce does work.
So, that's not true, and that's an absolutely wild thing to think, especially if you're a scientist.
Like, I kissed two people, my mom and my dog, and they both really loved it, so
I should be able to kiss anybody because sample size doesn't matter if the effect is large.
Anyway, then Brett paints a picture of a global conspiracy to keep Horse Paste down.
Now remember, it was only hydroxychloroquine that had three precursor plants burned down.
The plants that make the precursor chemicals for making hydroxychloroquine, three different of those plants burnt down.
It was hydroxychloroquine that Donald Trump ordered be bought by the government and put in the government stockpile to the tune of 20,000 pills.
Not ivermectin.
And hydroxychloroquine is what works on malaria, not ivermectin, which is what the chill goblin said.
It's a very diabolical web that we are stuck in with lots of fake people, with lots of fake arguments.
And the limited spectrum of debate is so contorted that you can bounce off of it inside of these people's arguments and not realize that collectively they are trapping you.
He's working with Brett and the ideas that Brett puts forth in order to make the other side of the cage.
It's pure harmony here.
decide they don't like something like Flintstones vitamins, but for the da horse in the family.
They can establish any standard up to a ridiculous degree that nothing can overcome, right?
When it comes to the thing that they favor, there's no level of danger that could be sufficient to call it into question.
And so we don't know what that looks like on the inside, but what you can see is the hallmark of it is a double standard that is glaring if you know how to analyze what's being said.
Absolutely.
Then he makes a very bold claim about the shadowy elites trying to prevent you and your loved ones from enjoying the cool, refreshing flavor of horse paste, calling this act... How many people participated in shutting down this discussion and why?
Right?
That just... The discussion was shut down about hydroxychloroquine.
The discussion was shut down about hydroxychloroquine and zinc and zinc ionophores.
Make no mistake about it.
The discussion of hydroxychloroquine was actually closed by Rick Bright and Janet Woodcock, who released or issued a EUA for the use of hydroxychloroquine for coronavirus in a hospital, which kind of
prevented its off-label use and dispension.
They also restricted it from over-the-counter distribution in France, where it was before the pandemic, over-the-counter.
They did not do that with ivermectin.
They did it with hydroxychloroquine.
Zev Zelenko was not selling ivermectin.
He was selling hydroxychloroquine and zinc.
It's mind-boggling.
To me, it really looks like crime of the century stuff.
Wow, the crime of the century.
Calling it only 21 years into the century.
I guess Brett and Heather really don't have much faith in the criminals of the world.
To criminals who are watching this, I believe in you.
Shoot for the moon.
Shoot, shoot the moon.
The crime of the century is the inversion of our individual sovereignty to the status of experimental animal by the mythology of RNA pandemics, the mythology of vaccines, the mythology of the immune system, the mythology of everything that underlies the public health narrative.
That's the crime of the century.
Kill the moon.
Kidnap the moon, alright?
That would be the crime of the century.
Do that.
Don't... I don't know if that counts as a call to violence, but I'm just... That's a joke.
And then he, and I shouldn't be surprised by this, but I somehow was, he compares the whole horse pace conspiracy to his time at Evergreen, which, I mean, I think the mice telomere story would have probably been a better fit, but he knows his audience mostly knows about the Evergreen stuff.
So I get why he didn't go there.
I sometimes say.
Certain stories diagnose the system, right?
You do what happened to us at evergreen diagnosed the system because the mainstream press couldn't figure out what to do with a story in which for blacks who were behaving in a bigoted way towards white that diagnosed the press and
This story seems to diagnose the tech sector, it diagnoses the press, it diagnoses the scientific establishment, it diagnoses the governmental regulatory apparatus, all of those things.
And we have to take a good long look at what happened because, oh my god, the cost could hardly be bigger.
10 out of 10 landing.
That is a perfectly executed Weinstein maneuver.
You went disclaimer to outlandish conspiracy theory to making it about yourself.
Wow.
Bravo.
That's, that's got to be it, right?
There's there can't be any more.
Can there?
Can we talk about cicadas?
Uh, yeah.
Oh, no, no, no.
You got something else?
Yeah, I do have something else.
And I, you know, I'm so sorry about it.
But here's the thing, because we have not been vaccinated because we have fears as we have discussed at length on this podcast.
Oh right, I love this part.
So as far as I can tell, Heather had straight up no idea that Brett was going to spring horse pills on her live on stream.
And it's honestly really sweet, I think.
It's so nice to see older couples keeping the magic alive with spontaneous acts of pseudoscience.
Ah, to be a grifter in love.
Anyway, on air, Heather doesn't want to take the pills quite yet, but she confirms later that she and all of their children are on the horsey stuff.
Brett finishes the podcast by saying he's not recommending horse pills.
He's definitely not recommending the horse pace to anyone, but they are amazing and they solve every problem.
my sense is that given what i have read i am not recommending bob tailed nag barbiturates to anybody else in fact i'm not even going to recommend it to you but you've seen what i've seen you can make your own decision um but given the apparent effectiveness of
Shadowfax XLax.
It doesn't have to be taken frequently.
So that was aired on the Dark Horse podcast on May 14th, 2021.
And you know, it's a big audience, but it's not the biggest.
But then things took a ridiculous turn when Brett brought his new conspiracy theory and his new miracle cure to the Joe Rogan podcast.
Are you surprised?
Of course, of course he did that.
Now, the Joe Rogan Experience is already the world's most popular podcast, according to 6 out of 10 of the internet listicles I found.
But this wasn't just any episode.
This was specifically labeled as the first ever Joe Rogan Emergency Podcast.
Holy shit, call 911!
There are innocent people out there who don't know about all the horse meds they could be taking.
I've never had to do an emergency podcast before, but I feel like we do.
And Brett, you and I have been in communication about this, and this seemed like something that we have to do quicker than later.
Now, I'm not going to take you through the whole podcast because it's a lot of the stuff that we've already been through, but I'll show you a little highlight reel.
You get the gist of it.
I'm an evolutionary biologist.
The importance of evolution here is that, A, all of the things that we're talking about with COVID are evolutionary.
Obviously, the virus is evolved.
Epidemiology is an evolutionary process.
This might be one of the most important sentences written this century.
Evolution is a kind of good generalist toolkit to apply to something like COVID.
Because that number is so high, what it means is that horsey pasty alone, if properly utilized, is capable of driving this pathogen to extinction.
Zero COVID is possible in May, 2021 on an emergency podcast.
And then he will go on to do a dark horse podcast with Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch and say that if we could just force everybody to take ivermectin and silicoxib for 60 days, we would reach zero COVID.
The pharmaceutical industry has engineered mechanisms to get their drugs through this process, right?
They've corrupted the system.
And somehow we're stuck in this situation where the evidence that we have effective tools is overwhelming.
Mr. Han's brand Vicodin.
Do not excite anybody in the pharmaceutical industry because there's no profit to be made.
A majority of my family's income comes through our two YouTube channels.
With the exception of the $500,000 that we were given as a settlement from Evergreen and the fact that my dad is so rich he can hardly breathe because he's been a patent lawyer since he joined the Department of Justice with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., his dad.
His dad was in the Department of Justice with Robert F. Kennedy during the formation of the FDA, and he is one of the most successful arbitrators of biological patent law in America.
So yeah, most of his income, but the vast majority of his inheritance isn't gonna come from that.
His dad bought him a house in Michigan when he went to college.
I mean, come on guys, this is not us.
These are not us.
Did you watch this episode?
Because someone you know did.
This was a Joe Rogan EMERGENCY.
Okay, drop whatever you're doing and go listen to the beefy transphobe.
Brett's popularity on the Weinstein overwhelming.
Mr. Hand's brand Vicodin.
Do not excite anybody in the pharmaceutical industry because there's no profit to be made.
A majority of my family's income comes through our two YouTube channels.
Did you watch this episode?
Because someone you know did.
This is his little graph here where he shows that the Joe Rogan 2020 interview is the time when more people googled his name than any other.
And the next big bump he has was when he went on the Joe Rogan podcast in 2021.
This is how this works.
It's not just people searching, it's them getting cued to search it, getting triggered to search it, getting encouraged to search it.
And these are military mechanisms.
These are military formulations, programs.
That's why it happens in the exact way it is meant to happen.
Joe Rogan emergency.
Okay, drop whatever you're doing and go listen to the beefy transphobe.
Brett's popularity on the Weinstein timeline over the next short while correlates almost exactly with the Google searches for
horse pills.
I just kind of put the numbers into Excel and it gave me like a high number.
So that, does that prove anything anyway?
I don't know.
But clips from this podcast and from Brett's, you know, dark horse podcast were posted on a ton of anti-vax Facebook pages, including the Facebook page of Leslie Lawrenson.
So nobody's getting that kind of promotion because it's a military programming.
That promotion occurs because it's part of the program and the way the suite works.
His account is turned on, everybody else's is either at neutral or is off.
Leslie Lawrenson was a highly educated Cambridge graduate living in the UK who was a big fan of Brett Weinstein's intellectual dark horse pace show.
He would post clips of Brett on his Facebook page advocating horse medication and downplaying the vaccine's effectiveness.
Leslie refused to get the vaccine himself and on July 2nd, he died of COVID.
His daughter told the UK press that Leslie was so brainwashed by the stuff that he was seeing on YouTube and social media.
He said a lot of people will die more from having the vaccine than getting COVID.
Which was true if the vaccine was not all placebo in places.
Would be true if it wasn't placebo in many places, and that's another thing these people have covered up consistently for five years.
And so again, you see how this works, right?
How these coordinated liars can use each other, can platform off of each other, bounce off of each other to create the perfect limited spectrum of debate where it just seems like, well, Chill Goblin seems to have Brett's number here.
I wonder what Chill Goblin's got to say about Trump and Epstein.
Listen, if you don't have access to a vaccine and you decide to take horse paste as a preventative measure, I completely get that.
You know, it's better to have a tiny chance of reducing the risk of COVID than nothing at all.
But the difference is when like Brett, you advocate, you know, horse pills as a preventative measure and treatment for COVID while telling people.
But what about a preventative measure for cancer?
What about a preventative measure for COVID?
What about a preventative measure for parasites?
What about a preventative measure for cancer?
Because that's what people are promoting.
It does everything.
But they never promote ivermectin by itself.
It's always ivermectin and something else.
Joe Rogan had monoclonal antibodies, ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, all of it.
Zinc.
But of course, the show tells you it was Ivermectin.
Chill Goblin tells you it was Ivermectin.
They have an emergency podcast to tell you it was Ivermectin.
But they have no basis for that.
And now you have somebody like this Malik doctor or Mal... Malik?
Malice?
The bald guy from Canada with all the skulls behind him.
He's also always talking about Ivermectin in combination with other drugs curing things.
Hydroxychloroquine and zinc.
That's a combination of substances that I think probably worked.
At least that's where I would put any chips that I had to play.
I would put them there and definitely not on ivermectin.
I would put them on vitamin C as Paul Merrick would say before I would put it on vitamin D.
that the vaccine is potentially more dangerous than the virus.
Leslie was just one person who bought into Brett's fear-mongering and had a fatal result.
But of course, there were others.
The more Joe Rogan and Brett Weinstein fans who decide not to get vaccinated or not to vaccinate their kids or go unvaccinated to their local rib fest.
See what this is?
See the disaster here?
And Brett is responsible for that.
Brett's shtick
reinforces this guy's belief in the narrative.
Brett's, his ability to catch Brett on this many mistakes and show how ridiculously he behaved, reinforces his belief in the lab leak, his belief in the working vaccine, his belief.
And so maybe Chill Goblin can be saved by us.
Hey, folks, welcome to the Dark Horse podcast.
I have the distinct honor.
On December 31st, 2022.
He had Asim Malhotra on his podcast.
I'm sitting this morning with Dr. Asim Malhotra, who is a consulting cardiologist, president of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Public Health Collaboration, a bestselling author, among many other distinctions.
Dr. Malhotra, welcome to Dark Horse.
Listen to this.
Thank you.
So many in my audience will be familiar with your story, but some will not.
I know you as someone who has been a very forceful voice in the COVID dissident community, but a late emerging one.
You want to explain how you ended up as a COVID dissident before we get into the questions that follow.
Look at that smile.
He's like, just totally dunked on him.
Like, oh, but you're kind of late to the party.
So why don't you tell us what you're up to?
How's that for a dig?
Just make sure you know that Brett Weinstein was on this stuff.
I was on the Bill Maher podcast talking about a lab leak in 2020.
So, so, you know, I was way ahead of all you guys.
I knew this when my brother told me.
Look at the face that Asim makes there, as he knows that he just got his face rubbed in the fact that he didn't show up until 2022.
I mean, don't feel bad, Asim.
The little bald guy in England, Doc Malek, he didn't show up until 2023 either.
So what's curious about this is that right after he was on Brett Weinstein's podcast, he was also on stage in Sweden with Sasha Latupova and Robert Malone and Mike Palmer and Meryl Nass.
I mean, that's a pretty amazing thing, right?
Let's make sure you see the...
The beginning part of this movie actually has the start where you can list it all.
This was like a month later, or a couple weeks later, because it was the first week of January.
So he's doing a tour that's paid for by the same people who, I guess, want Sasha Latupova and Meryl Ness and Robert Malone and Mike Palmer all on the stage together.
telling us that it's an American military operation, fifth generation warfare, you're never going to figure out who it is.
That's what Robert Malone says.
That's what she says on the stage with Haseem Malhotra on stage with her.
He's right there in that suit.
He's right here.
I have to see these people's behavior in the context of all that I know about them.
all the Zoom meetings I've had, all the text messages I've had, all the weekly meetings I've had with Brian Hooker.
Because Brian Hooker knows all of this stuff.
We've talked about all of this stuff.
We've talked about all of these people and what they've lied about.
Brian Hooker was my boss.
And now he's telling us that flu virus is in the pasteurized milk.
It's heartbreaking to me to see the people that I believed in the most, the most, I believed in them the most, are also just having to go along with this.
Wittingly or unwittingly, coerced or not, I don't know what's going on with him, but goodness sakes, Brian, wake up.
You're selling out the children of the future.
It's not just about us anymore.
ICANN, CHD, FLCCC, PANDATA or PANDA, HEART in the UK, Doctors for COVID Ethics run by Mike Palmer.
They were all either taken over by, sabotaged by, put in place by or orchestrated by people who are part of Team Worst Case Scenario.
That includes George Webb and Associates.
It includes Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and Associates.
It includes Steve Bannon and Associates all the way back to Roger Stone and
and Jerome Corsi.
It goes all the way back to all of these people that are intellectual dark web adjacent.
that argue about whether these bros with shows are right about those bros with shows are all singing the same harmony.
They're all part of the same military social control mechanism that was described by Edward Bernays and by Noam Chomsky and others on the new and old media
And it's fueled by the stocks.
It's fueled by the trading.
It's fueled by the infinite sources of money from the banks.
And it's fueled by the artificial elevation of liars.
You cannot get in touch with a country of 350 million people by scrolling on X. You can't get in touch with what's happening in your community by scrolling on X or scrolling on Facebook.
There's too many of us.
What these people have done is convinced us that that's what's happening because every once in a while you see your friends post.
But what's actually happening is that your brain is being washed regularly, your child's brain is being washed regularly.
And intelligent, thoughtful, creative thoughts are being replaced by whatever these monsters put there.
And that includes the coordinated liars that are swarming the internet, that the overclass has placed there, and are able to trick us into believing anything so long as we still think that skillful use of social media is the way out, and it is not.
It is exactly what Edward Bernays never dreamed would be possible.
It is exactly what Noam Chomsky never believed would be possible.
That Marc Van Rans, the flu commissioner of Belgium, never believed would be possible.
that an illusion of consensus about what RNA can do could be created on the internet and would be so all-encompassing that both the left and the right, the red and the blue, the up and the down, everybody would become convinced that RNA can pandemic, would believe it wholeheartedly to the point where they would be afraid of people making RNA because it might pandemic.
And it has culminated now in another meddler who is responsible for coordinating all the international COVID summits over the last five years, where team worst case scenario met at all these international locations, was on the high wire talking about the AI, but not telling you what actually happened.
And instead telling you that cancer vaccines are kind of silly.
That's because there will be no general cancer vaccine.
There will be a personalized one.
that the FDA could never test and would only get in the way of.
Just like if the FDA ever had to test coronavirus PCR tests and evaluate them as effective medical devices, that the FDA would end the testing regime.
But instead, because the EUA and their use during the pandemic is being used as a false equivalence, the FDA will never check in with the effectiveness of the medical devices that were rolled out during the pandemic, will never investigate the ones that are already gone, nevermind the ones that are currently on the market, and Robert Malone knows that.
That's what Team Worst Case Scenario was primarily involved in.
They were primarily involved in an anti-FDA campaign that would sort of remove the value of safe and effective, remove the meaning of these words, which is the mandate of the FDA.
The FDA is supposed to protect us from people who would put bullshit on the labels of bottles.
The FDA is supposed to make sure that what's in the bottle is on the label and that the label doesn't make any claims of safety or effectiveness that are not proven.
And so they use the five years of the pandemic to make safe and effective sound stupid to people, become meaningless to people, so that the very mandate of the FDA would also become meaningless to people.
And this is really good for people like Kevin McKernan and Mark Lander and Francis Collins, who have always known, and Peggy Hamburg, who have always known that personalized medicine, like Joshua Lederberg, that personalized medicine is the way forward.
And so we need to get rid of the FDA in order for that to happen.
That's why the health freedom movement is just on processed foods and fluoride in the water and corn syrup and not the vaccine schedule being criminal or intramuscular injection being dumb or RNA cannot pandemic because the health freedom movement is a joke on our grandkids and we need to wake up and apologize to them.
There's only one chance in history for them to invert our sovereignty to experimental animal status so that they can collect our data and store it to feed it into the AI they're building now.
They told us as much.
The trick is to realize that the remnant stream created by fake PCR testing as a diagnostic is still in existence, still not being challenged by any of these people, and that's because that's their primary source of data that they are feeding to their AI, their god.
I'll summarize it in one slide.
They took a background signal and misconstrued that as spread using nonspecific PCR tests.
Then they rolled out transfection that they knew would kill people, and they rolled out a lot of placebos so that they could lie about it.
They also murdered people to manufacture the necessary signal because RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfecting healthy people was always a crime, and the population pyramid is the problem that they are managing.
Ta-da!
How's that for a summary?
Ladies and gentlemen, PCR as a diagnostic is a lie.
And that fidelity is implied and it is not there because it works on an academic bench doesn't mean it works in a hospital.
They can make large quantities of DNA though.
And all the people that work for pharmaceutical companies know that's how biologics are made.
That's why it's very likely that Mike Eden is probably not working for us.
Just like Sasha Latupov is not working for us.
And that's probably why Paul Alexander promoted Mike Eden in his last sub stack about me.
because it's never going to be about me or never going to be about the ideas that I've stumbled upon.
It's always going to be about team worst case scenario in the end because they must cover up that the only thing they have is synthetic recombinant genetics.
The only thing they have is bacterial cultures and DNA plasmids and printing DNA and RNA
but they don't have, they don't have RNA in the form of a pattern integrity that grows in culture and can pandemic.
So they have to lie about it because transfection was always a crime.
We always knew it was shit and we've known it since we used it on the academic bench.
And they even have liars lying about that now that include Dr. Jack Krause, the guy who went on the Danny Jones podcast with the orange glasses is now tweeting transfection as a word.
None of these people are going to explain to you that the manufacturing quotas of a billion doses could be met very easily if you just let us make a few placebo.
That's why Sasha Latupova had to trick Mike Eden or Mike Eden started promoting the idea that Sasha Latupova had batch data because that covers up the placebo and how much better placebo would work.
Another thing that none of these people talk about is the myth of endemicity.
The idea that something can be found somewhere and then eventually spread and be everywhere forever is a myth.
Because RNA cannot pandemic, because RNA is not a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
Therefore, endemicity and endemic, it is a myth.
It's a background.
And the only thing they can do is make a pure quantity and make a big one.
So they could put it on a cruise ship or they could give it to their agent in Wuhan and she could report the whatever sequence they told her to report.
That's how they got away with it, ladies and gentlemen.
One slide, you can explain the whole thing to your friends, family.
It's not very hard.
Healthy people don't get sick, ladies and gentlemen.
The reason why we didn't understand this at the beginning of the pandemic is because all of us in high school learned this bad biology 101 that I'm going to make it my life's work to erase.
This bad biology 1 can be summarized by evolution because DNA or DNA therefore evolution and it's wrong.
You want to break it with your doctor?
Ask them to explain why intramuscular injection of medicine is a good thing, good idea.
Because it's not.
It's actually the worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
And everybody that ever told us that intramuscular injection was a good idea should have known that.
And many of them did.
A new Biology 101 would be codified as, Life is a Pattern Integrity with a Trajectory Across Time.
And I'm going to make a bold statement right now and say that that book will probably be written by May of 2025.
It's not going to be that long because Biology 101 is pretty simple.
And I think I can be one of the biology coaches as they get us there.
Ladies and gentlemen, this new world order, this new illusion of consensus on social media and how it is portrayed will result in the past fading into mist and it will be erased effectively.
if we do not hold on to it and pass it to our children intact.
The lie will become the truth if we do not take control of what our children understand.
If we allow our children to get on board with this faith in a novel virus where we defeated a disease now and in the past with vaccination, that coronaviruses jump from species to species and that RNA can pandemic, if we allow our kids to think that PCR is just erroneous or fixable or if used correctly would work as a diagnostic, if we allow our kids
to think that there's something evolving in the background that's endemic now.
If we allow our kids to think that this is money well spent, they will be on this train to nowhere and that will be generations of enslavement the destination.
Enslavement by a mythology created on both sides of a limited spectrum of debate.
A military operation using military software
that we innocuously call social media.
Don't let your children get on this train, ladies and gentlemen.
Do not let this be a joke on our grandchildren.
Spread the biology.
Spread the truth.
It's for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
It's absolutely, positively for all the marbles.
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for being here.
I'm gonna go chill out on my birthday.
Probably gonna go shoot some hoops, although I think somebody's got a sore ankle, so I don't know if that's gonna work.
I'll be here again tomorrow because Mark and I are going to stream the confirmation hearing of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
live, so you can join Mark and I for a stream tomorrow morning.
I'm not sure when that thing is going to start, but we'll start when they start or a little bit earlier.
Mark and I haven't done a live stream together for a while, so it'll be nice to catch up.
And again, I don't know what to say.
after all these years but thank you very much to Greg and to Steven and to William and to Mark and to Pamela and to... I mean the list is endless.
Simon, Matt, I mean the list is really long of the people that I need to thank.
And I hope the list gets longer because if it does, we're going to win.
We're going to win for sure.
Thanks for being here guys.
I'll see you again tomorrow.